bulbasaur,"A strange seed was planted on its back at birth. The plant sprouts and grows with this POKéMON."
ivysaur,"When the bulb on its back grows large, it appears to lose the ability to stand on its hind legs."
venusaur,"The plant blooms when it is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight."
charmander,"Obviously prefers hot places. When it rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail."
charmeleon,"When it swings its burning tail, it elevates the temperature to unbearably high levels."
charizard,"Spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. Known to cause forest fires unintentionally."
squirtle,"Shoots water at prey while in the water. Withdraws into its shell when in danger."
wartortle,"When tapped, this POKéMON will pull in its head, but its tail will still stick out a little bit."
blastoise,"It deliberately makes itself heavy so it can with­ stand the recoil of the water jets it fires."
caterpie,"It releases a stench from its red antenna to repel enemies. It grows by molting repeatedly."
metapod,"This POKéMON is vulnerable to attack while its shell is soft, exposing its weak and tender body."
butterfree,"In battle, it flaps its wings at high speed to release highly toxic dust into the air."
weedle,"Often found in forests, eating leaves. It has a sharp venomous stinger on its head."
kakuna,"Almost incapable of moving, this POKéMON can only harden its shell to protect itself from predators."
beedrill,"Flies at high speed and attacks using its large venomous stingers on its forelegs and tail."
pidgey,"A common sight in forests and woods. It flaps its wings at ground level to kick up blinding sand."
pidgeotto,"Very protective of its sprawling territorial area, this POKéMON will fiercely peck at any intruder."
pidgeot,"When hunting, it skims the surface of water at high speed to pick off unwary prey such as MAGIKARP."
rattata,"Bites anything when it attacks. Small and very quick, it is a common sight in many places."
raticate,"It uses its whis­ kers to maintain its balance. It apparently slows down if they are cut off."
spearow,"Il est incapable de voler à haute altitude. Il se déplace très vite pour protéger son territoire."
fearow,"With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloft without ever having to land for rest."
ekans,"Moves silently and stealthily. Eats the eggs of birds, such as PIDGEY and SPEAROW, whole."
arbok,"It is rumored that the ferocious warning markings on its belly differ from area to area."
pikachu,"最近發表了聚集大量皮卡丘 來建造發電廠的計畫。"
raichu,"Its tail discharges electricity into the ground, protecting it from getting shocked."
sandshrew,"Burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water. It only emerges to hunt for food."
sandslash,"Curls up into a spiny ball when threatened. It can roll while curled up to attack or escape."
nidoran-f,"Although small, its venomous barbs render this POKéMON dangerous. The female has smaller horns."
nidorina,"The female's horn develops slowly. Prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting."
nidoqueen,"Its hard scales provide strong protection. It uses its hefty bulk to execute powerful moves."
nidoran-m,"Saca las orejas por encima de la hierba para explorar el territorio. Le protege su cuerno venenoso."
nidorino,"An aggressive POKéMON that is quick to attack. The horn on its head secretes a powerful venom."
nidoking,"One swing of its mighty tail can snap a telephone pole as if it were a matchstick."
clefairy,"Its magical and cute appeal has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas."
clefable,"A timid fairy POKéMON that is rarely seen. It will run and hide the moment it senses people."
vulpix,"At the time of birth, it has just one tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older."
ninetales,"Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails could result in a 1000-year curse."
jigglypuff,"When its huge eyes light up, it sings a mysteriously soothing melody that lulls its enemies to sleep."
wigglytuff,"The body is soft and rubbery. When angered, it will suck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size."
zubat,"Forms colonies in perpetually dark places. Uses ultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets."
golbat,"Once it strikes, it will not stop draining energy from the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly."
oddish,"During the day, it keeps its face buried in the ground. At night, it wanders around sowing its seeds."
gloom,"It secretes a sticky, drool-like honey. Although sweet, it smells too repulsive to get very close."
vileplume,"It has the world's largest petals. With every step, the petals shake out heavy clouds of toxic pollen."
paras,"Burrows to suck tree roots. The mushrooms on its back grow by draw­ ing nutrients from the bug host."
parasect,"A host-parasite pair in which the parasite mushroom has taken over the host bug. Prefers damp places."
venonat,"Lives in the shadows of tall trees where it eats insects. It is attracted by light at night."
venomoth,"The dust-like scales covering its wings are color coded to indicate the kinds of poison it has."
diglett,"Lives about one yard underground where it feeds on plant roots. It sometimes appears above ground."
dugtrio,"A team of DIGLETT triplets. It triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground."
meowth,"Es de naturaleza nocturna. Le atraen los objetos brillantes."
persian,"Although its fur has many admirers, it is tough to raise as a pet because of its fickle meanness."
psyduck,"While lulling its enemies with its vacant look, this wily POKéMON will use psychokinetic powers."
golduck,"Often seen swim­ ming elegantly by lake shores. It is often mistaken for the Japanese monster, Kappa."
mankey,"Extremely quick to anger. It could be docile one moment then thrashing away the next instant."
primeape,"Always furious and tenacious to boot. It will not abandon chasing its quarry until it is caught."
growlithe,"Very protective of its territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space."
arcanine,"A POKéMON that has been admired since the past for its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings."
poliwag,"Its newly grown legs prevent it from running. It appears to prefer swimming than trying to stand."
poliwhirl,"Capable of living in or out of water. When out of water, it sweats to keep its body slimy."
poliwrath,"An adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breast stroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers."
abra,"Dieses Pokémon schläft 18 Stunden am Tag. Bei Gefahr teleportiert es sich in Sicherheit, ohne dabei aufzuwachen."
kadabra,"It emits special alpha waves from its body that induce headaches just by being close by."
alakazam,"Its brain can out­ perform a super­ computer. Its intelligence quotient is said to be 5,000."
machop,"Loves to build its muscles. It trains in all styles of martial arts to become even stronger."
machoke,"Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power save belt to be able to regulate its motions."
machamp,"Using its heavy muscles, it throws powerful punches that can send the victim clear over the horizon."
bellsprout,"Even though its body is extremely skinny, it is blindingly fast when catching its prey."
weepinbell,"Escupe Polvo Veneno para envenenar al enemigo y, luego, lo liquida con Ácido."
victreebel,"Said to live in huge colonies deep in jungles, although no one has ever returned from there."
tentacool,"Son corps est principalement composé d’eau. Ses yeux cristallins projettent d’étranges rayons."
tentacruel,"80개의 촉수를 자유롭게 움직인다. 찔리면 독이 퍼져 극심한 고통을 겪게 된다."
geodude,"Found in fields and mountains. Mistaking them for boulders, people often step or trip on them."
graveler,"Rolls down slopes to move. It rolls over any obstacle without slowing or changing its direction."
golem,"Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without damage."
ponyta,"Its hooves are 10 times harder than diamonds. It can trample anything completely flat in little time."
rapidash,"Very competitive, this POKéMON will chase anything that moves fast in the hopes of racing it."
slowpoke,"Incredibly slow and dopey. It takes 5 seconds for it to feel pain when under attack."
slowbro,"The SHELLDER that is latched onto SLOWPOKE's tail is said to feed on the host's left over scraps."
magnemite,"Uses anti-gravity to stay suspended. Appears without warning and uses THUNDER WAVE and similar moves."
magneton,"Formed by several MAGNEMITEs linked together. They frequently appear when sunspots flare up."
farfetchd,"The sprig of green onions it holds is its weapon. It is used much like a metal sword."
doduo,"A bird that makes up for its poor flying with its fast foot speed. Leaves giant footprints."
dodrio,"Uses its three brains to execute complex plans. While two heads sleep, one head stays awake."
seel,"The protruding horn on its head is very hard. It is used for bashing through thick ice."
dewgong,"Stores thermal energy in its body. Swims at a steady 8 knots even in intensely cold waters."
grimer,"Appears in filthy areas. Thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories."
muk,"Thickly covered with a filthy, vile sludge. It is so toxic, even its footprints contain poison."
shellder,"Its hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open."
cloyster,"CLOYSTER that live in seas with harsh tidal currents grow large, sharp spikes on their shells."
gastly,"Almost invisible, this gaseous POKéMON cloaks the target and puts it to sleep without notice."
haunter,"Because of its ability to slip through block walls, it is said to be from an­ other dimension."
gengar,"Under a full moon, this POKéMON likes to mimic the shadows of people and laugh at their fright."
onix,"As it grows, the stone portions of its body harden to become similar to a diamond, but colored black."
drowzee,"Puts enemies to sleep then eats their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams."
hypno,"When it locks eyes with an enemy, it will use a mix of PSI moves such as HYPNOSIS and CONFUSION."
krabby,"Its pincers are not only powerful weapons, they are used for balance when walking sideways."
kingler,"The large pincer has 10000 hp of crushing power. However, its huge size makes it unwieldy to use."
voltorb,"Usually found in power plants. Easily mistaken for a POKé BALL, they have zapped many people."
electrode,"It stores electric energy under very high pressure. It often explodes with little or no provocation."
exeggcute,"Often mistaken for eggs. When disturbed, they quickly gather and attack in swarms."
exeggutor,"Legend has it that on rare occasions, one of its heads will drop off and continue on as an EXEGGCUTE."
cubone,"死に別れた　母親の　骨を 頭に　覆っている。寂しいとき 大声で　泣くという。"
marowak,"骨に　灯った　呪いの　炎は いつまでも　治らない　痛みを 体と　心に　残すという。"
hitmonlee,"When in a hurry, its legs lengthen progressively. It runs smoothly with extra long, loping strides."
hitmonchan,"While apparently doing nothing, it fires punches in lightning fast volleys that are impossible to see."
lickitung,"Its tongue can be extended like a chameleon's. It leaves a tingling sensation when it licks enemies."
koffing,"Because it stores several kinds of toxic gases in its body, it is prone to exploding without warning."
weezing,"Where two kinds of poison gases meet, 2 KOFFINGs can fuse into a WEEZING over many years."
rhyhorn,"Its massive bones are 1000 times harder than human bones. It can easily knock a trailer flying."
rhydon,"Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees."
chansey,"A rare and elusive POKéMON that is said to bring happiness to those who manage to get it."
tangela,"The whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to sea­ weed. Its vines shake as it walks."
kangaskhan,"The infant rarely ventures out of its mother's protective pouch until it is 3 years old."
horsea,"Hace su nido entre los corales. Si se siente en peligro, escupe tinta y huye."
seadra,"Capable of swim­ ming backwards by rapidly flapping its wing-like pectoral fins and stout tail."
goldeen,"せびれ　むなびれ　おびれが ゆうがに　たなびくので みずのおどりこ　とよばれる。"
seaking,"In the autumn spawning season, they can be seen swimming power­ fully up rivers and creeks."
staryu,"An enigmatic POKéMON that can effortlessly regenerate any appendage it loses in battle."
starmie,"Its central core glows with the seven colors of the rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem."
mr-mime,"If interrupted while it is miming, it will slap around the offender with its broad hands."
scyther,"With ninja-like agility and speed, it can create the illusion that there is more than one."
jynx,"Its cries sound like human speech. However, it is impossible to tell what it is trying to say."
electabuzz,"Normally found near power plants, they can wander away and cause major blackouts in cities."
magmar,"Its body always burns with an orange glow that enables it to hide perfectly among flames."
pinsir,"If it fails to crush the victim in its pincers, it will swing it around and toss it hard."
tauros,"When it targets an enemy, it charges furiously while whipping its body with its long tails."
magikarp,"In the distant past, it was somewhat stronger than the horribly weak descendants that exist today."
gyarados,"Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, it is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage."
lapras,"A POKéMON that has been over­ hunted almost to extinction. It can ferry people across the water."
ditto,"It can freely recombine its own cellular structure to transform into other life-forms."
eevee,"Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from element STONEs."
vaporeon,"수중에서의 생활에 적합한 몸으로 진화했다. 물에 녹으면 보이지 않게 된다."
jolteon,"It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10000- volt lightning bolts."
flareon,"When storing thermal energy in its body, its temperature could soar to over 1600 degrees."
porygon,"A POKéMON that consists entirely of programming code. Capable of moving freely in cyberspace."
omanyte,"Although long extinct, in rare cases, it can be genetically resurrected from fossils."
omastar,"Apparently, it cracked SHELLDER's shell with its sharp fangs and sucked out the insides."
kabuto,"A POKéMON that was resurrected from a fossil found in what was once the ocean floor eons ago."
kabutops,"Its sleek shape is perfect for swim­ ming. It slashes prey with its claws and drains the body fluids."
aerodactyl,"A ferocious, pre­ historic POKéMON that goes for the enemy's throat with its serrated saw-like fangs."
snorlax,"Very lazy. Just eats and sleeps. As its rotund bulk builds, it becomes steadily more slothful."
articuno,"A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appear to doomed people who are lost in icy mountains."
zapdos,"A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appear from clouds while dropping enormous lightning bolts."
moltres,"It is said to be the legendary bird Pokémon of fire. Every flap of its wings creates a dazzling flare of flames."
dratini,"Long considered a mythical POKéMON until recently when a small colony was found living underwater."
dragonair,"A mystical POKéMON that exudes a gentle aura. Has the ability to change climate conditions."
dragonite,"An extremely rarely seen marine POKéMON. Its intelligence is said to match that of humans."
mewtwo,"It was created by a scientist after years of horrific gene splicing and DNA engineering experiments."
mew,"So rare that it is still said to be a mirage by many experts. Only a few people have seen it worldwide."
chikorita,"A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on its head. It is docile and loves to soak up the sun's rays."
bayleef,"Die Knospen an seinem Hals geben ein würziges Aroma ab, das andere aufheitert."
meganium,"The aroma that rises from its petals contains a substance that calms aggressive feelings."
cyndaquil,"It is timid, and always curls it­ self up in a ball. If attacked, it flares up its back for protection."
quilava,"Be careful if it turns its back during battle. It means that it will attack with the fire on its back."
typhlosion,"If its rage peaks, it becomes so hot that anything that touches it will instantly go up in flames."
totodile,"Its well-developed jaws are powerful and capable of crushing anything. Even its trainer must be careful."
croconaw,"If it loses a fang, a new one grows back in its place. There are always 48 fangs lining its mouth."
feraligatr,"When it bites with its massive and powerful jaws, it shakes its head and savagely tears its victim up."
sentret,"A very cautious POKéMON, it raises itself up using its tail to get a better view of its surroundings."
furret,"The mother puts its offspring to sleep by curling up around them. It corners foes with speed."
hoothoot,"It always stands on one foot. It changes feet so fast, the movement can rarely be seen."
noctowl,"Its eyes are specially adapted. They concentrate even faint light and enable it to see in the dark."
ledyba,"It is very timid. It will be afraid to move if it is alone. But it will be active if it is in a group."
ledian,"When the stars flicker in the night sky, it flutters about, scattering a glowing powder."
spinarak,"It lies still in the same pose for days in its web, waiting for its unsuspecting prey to wander close."
ariados,"It spins string not only from its rear but also from its mouth. It is hard to tell which end is which."
crobat,"It flies so si­ lently through the dark on its four wings that it may not be noticed even when nearby."
chinchou,"It shoots positive and negative elec­ tricity between the tips of its two antennae and zaps its enemies."
lanturn,"The light it emits is so bright that it can illuminate the sea's surface from a depth of over three miles."
pichu,"It is not yet skilled at storing electricity. It may send out a jolt if amused or startled."
cleffa,"Si dice che sia facile incontrarlo dove sono precipitate delle stelle cadenti."
igglybuff,"It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop."
togepi,"The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly."
togetic,"They say that it will appear before kindhearted, car­ ing people and shower them with happiness."
natu,"Because its wings aren't yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always star­ ing at something."
xatu,"They say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time."
mareep,"If static elec­ tricity builds in its body, its fleece doubles in volume. Touching it will shock you."
flaaffy,"As a result of storing too much electricity, it developed patches where even downy wool won't grow."
ampharos,"The tail's tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. It acts as a beacon for lost people."
bellossom,"BELLOSSOM gather at times and appear to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun."
marill,"The tip of its tail, which con­ tains oil that is lighter than wa­ ter, lets it swim without drowning."
azumarill,"会制作填满空气的泡泡。 当露力丽在河里玩的时候， 它就会用这个泡泡包住露力丽。"
sudowoodo,"Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composi­ tion appears to be closer to a rock than a plant."
politoed,"울음소리가 울려 퍼지면 여기저기에서 발챙이와 슈륙챙이들이 모인다."
hoppip,"To keep from being blown away by the wind, they gather in clusters. They do enjoy gentle breezes, though."
skiploom,"The bloom on top of its head opens and closes as the temperature fluc­ tuates up and down."
jumpluff,"Once it catches the wind, it deft­ ly controls its cotton-puff spores to float, even around the world."
aipom,"Its tail is so powerful that it can use it to grab a tree branch and hold itself up in the air."
sunkern,"It may drop out of the sky suddenly. If attacked by a SPEAROW, it will violently shake its leaves."
sunflora,"태양 에너지에서 영양을 만들어낸다. 기온이 높은 낮에는 활발하게 움직이고 태양이 지면 뚝 하니 움직이지 않게 된다."
yanma,"If it flaps its wings really fast, it can generate shock waves that will shatter win­ dows in the area."
wooper,"This POKéMON lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside."
quagsire,"This carefree POKéMON has an easy-going nature. While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls."
espeon,"It uses the fine hair that covers its body to sense air currents and predict its ene­ my's actions."
umbreon,"When agitated, this POKéMON pro­ tects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores."
murkrow,"Feared and loathed by many, it is believed to bring misfortune to all those who see it at night."
slowking,"It has incredible intellect and in­ tuition. Whatever the situation, it remains calm and collected."
misdreavus,"It likes playing mischievous tricks such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night."
unown,"Its flat, thin body is always stuck on walls. Its shape appears to have some meaning."
wobbuffet,"It hates light and shock. If attack­ ed, it inflates its body to pump up its counter­ strike."
girafarig,"Its tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! If you get close, it may react to your scent and bite."
pineco,"It likes to make its shell thicker by adding layers of tree bark. The additional weight doesn't bother it."
forretress,"Its entire body is shielded by a steel-hard shell. What lurks inside the armor is a total mystery."
dunsparce,"DUNSPARCE has a drill for its tail. It uses this tail to burrow into the ground backwards. This POKéMON is known to make its nest in complex shapes deep under the ground."
gligar,"It flies straight at its target’s face, then clamps down on the startled victim to inject poison."
steelix,"Its body has been compressed deep under the ground. As a result, it is even harder than a diamond."
snubbull,"Although it looks frightening, it is actually kind and affectionate. It is very popular among women."
granbull,"It is actually timid and easily spooked. If at­ tacked, it flails about to fend off its attacker."
qwilfish,"To fire its poison spikes, it must inflate its body by drinking over 2.6 gallons of water all at once."
scizor,"It swings its eye- patterned pincers up to scare its foes. This makes it look like it has three heads."
shuckle,"The BERRIES it stores in its vase-like shell decompose and become a gooey liquid."
heracross,"This powerful POKéMON thrusts its prized horn under its enemies’ bellies then lifts and throws them."
sneasel,"Its paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it sud­ denly extends the claws and startles its enemy."
teddiursa,"If it finds honey, its crescent mark glows. It always licks its paws because they are soaked with honey."
ursaring,"Avec sa capacité à sentir toute odeur, il trouve sans faillir de la nourriture enfouie dans le sol."
slugma,"Son corps est fait de magma. S’il cesse de bouger, il refroidit et durcit."
magcargo,"The shell on its back is just skin that has cooled and hardened. It breaks easily with a slight touch."
swinub,"It rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig up food. It sometimes discovers hot springs."
piloswine,"Because the long hair all over its body obscures its sight, it just keeps charging repeatedly."
corsola,"It continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its head is prized as a treasure for its beauty."
remoraid,"It squirts water forcefully from its mouth to shoot down flying prey."
octillery,"It traps enemies with its suction- cupped tentacles then smashes them with its rock-hard head."
delibird,"It carries food all day long. There are tales about lost people who were saved by the food it had."
mantine,"As it majestically swims, it doesn't care if REMORAID attach to it for scavenging its leftovers."
skarmory,"全身披著鋼鐵鎧甲。 看起來很重，但牠能以 最高３００公里的時速飛行。"
houndour,"It uses different kinds of cries for communicating with others of its kind and for pursuing its prey."
houndoom,"If you are burned by the flames it shoots from its mouth, the pain will never go away."
kingdra,"Dicen que suele esconderse en cuevas submarinas. Puede crear torbellinos al bostezar."
phanpy,"It swings its long snout around play­ fully, but because it is so strong, that can be dan­ gerous."
donphan,"It has sharp, hard tusks and a rugged hide. Its TACKLE is strong enough to knock down a house."
porygon2,"This upgraded version of PORYGON is designed for space exploration. It can't fly, though."
stantler,"Those who stare at its antlers will gradually lose control of their senses and be unable to stand."
smeargle,"A special fluid oozes from the tip of its tail. It paints the fluid everywhere to mark its territory."
tyrogue,"It is always bursting with en­ ergy. To make it­ self stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses."
hitmontop,"Si te encantan sus suaves, elegantes y danzarinas patadas, acabarás taladrado."
smoochum,"Its lips are the most sensitive parts on its body. It always uses its lips first to examine things."
elekid,"It generates electricity by whirling its arms. However, it can’t store the energy it makes."
magby,"Each and every time it inhales and exhales, hot embers dribble out of its mouth and nostrils."
miltank,"Its milk is packed with nutrition, making it the ultimate beverage for the sick or weary."
blissey,"Anyone who takes even one bite of BLISSEY's egg be­ comes unfailingly caring and pleas­ ant to everyone."
raikou,"The rain clouds it carries let it fire thunderbolts at will. They say that it descended with lightning."
entei,"Volcanoes erupt when it barks. Un­ able to restrain its extreme power, it races headlong around the land."
suicune,"Said to be the reincarnation of north winds, it can instantly purify filthy, murky water."
larvitar,"It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it will fall asleep so it can grow."
pupitar,"Its shell is as hard as sheet rock, and it is also very strong. Its THRASHING can topple a mountain."
tyranitar,"Its body can't be harmed by any sort of attack, so it is very eager to make challenges against enemies."
lugia,"It is said that it quietly spends its time deep at the bottom of the sea because its powers are too strong."
ho-oh,"Legends claim this POKéMON flies the world's skies con­ tinuously on its magnificent seven- colored wings."
celebi,"This POKéMON wan­ ders across time. Grass and trees flourish in the forests in which it has appeared."
treecko,"TREECKO has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable it to scale vertical walls. This POKéMON attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail."
grovyle,"발달한 넓적다리의 근육이 경이로운 순발력과 도약력을 만들어 낸다."
sceptile,"The leaves growing on SCEPTILE’s body are very sharp edged. This POKéMON is very agile - it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind."
torchic,"TORCHIC sticks with its TRAINER, following behind with unsteady steps. This POKéMON breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees F, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black."
combusken,"COMBUSKEN toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This POKéMON’s legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out ten kicks in one second."
blaziken,"In battle, BLAZIKEN blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more intensely this POKéMON’s wrists burn."
mudkip,"The fin on MUDKIP’s head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this POKéMON can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes."
marshtomp,"The surface of MARSHTOMP’s body is enveloped by a thin, sticky film that enables it to live on land. This POKéMON plays in mud on beaches when the ocean tide is low."
swampert,"SWAMPERT is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton. This POKéMON also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water."
poochyena,"At first sight, POOCHYENA takes a bite at anything that moves. This POKéMON chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back."
mightyena,"Les Grahyèna forment des meutes de dix qui excellent au travail de groupe pour capturer leurs proies."
zigzagoon,"ZIGZAGOON restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This POKéMON does so because it is very curious. It becomes interested in anything that it happens to see."
linoone,"LINOONE always runs full speed and only in straight lines. If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it. This POKéMON is very challenged by gently curving roads."
wurmple,"Using the spikes on its rear end,   WURMPLE peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out. This POKéMON’s feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass without slipping."
silcoon,"SILCOON tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from falling. There,  this POKéMON hangs quietly while it awaits evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole."
beautifly,"BEAUTIFLY’s favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this POKéMON, just leave a potted flower by an open window. BEAUTIFLY is sure to come looking for pollen."
cascoon,"CASCOON makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes around its body, it hardens. This POKéMON prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon."
dustox,"DUSTOX is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this POKéMON are attracted by the bright lights of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food."
lotad,"LOTAD live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface. It grows weak if its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this POKéMON travels on land in search of clean water."
lombre,"Vive en el agua y, cuando hace sol, se queda en la orilla. De día duerme sobre las algas y de noche entra en acción."
ludicolo,"LUDICOLO begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful, festive music. This POKéMON is said to appear when it hears the singing of children on hiking outings."
seedot,"SEEDOT attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. It sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this POKéMON’s body becomes."
nuzleaf,"NUZLEAF live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people. This POKéMON dislikes having its long nose pinched."
shiftry,"SHIFTRY is a mysterious POKéMON that is said to live atop towering trees  dating back over a thousand years. It creates terrific windstorms with the fans it holds."
taillow,"TAILLOW courageously stands its ground against foes, however strong they may be. This gutsy POKéMON will remain defiant even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it becomes hungry."
swellow,"SWELLOW flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This POKéMON dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by SWELLOW’s clawed feet, preventing escape."
wingull,"在海邊的懸崖上築巢。 會在海上盤旋，尋找牠 最愛吃的弱丁魚。"
pelipper,"PELIPPER is a flying transporter that carries small POKéMON and eggs inside its massive bill. This POKéMON builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea."
ralts,"RALTS senses the emotions of people using the horns on its head. This POKéMON rarely appears before people. But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person has a positive disposition."
kirlia,"It is said that a KIRLIA that is exposed to the positive emotions of its TRAINER grows beautiful. This POKéMON controls psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain."
gardevoir,"GARDEVOIR has the ability to read the future. If it senses impending danger to its TRAINER, this POKéMON is said to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power."
surskit,"From the tips of its feet, SURSKIT secretes an oil that enables it to walk on water as if it were skating. This POKéMON feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes."
masquerain,"MASQUERAIN intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This POKéMON flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction - even sideways and backwards - as if it were a helicopter."
shroomish,"SHROOMISH live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves. This POKéMON feeds on compost that is made up of fallen, rotted leaves."
breloom,"BRELOOM closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This POKéMON’s fighting technique puts boxers to shame."
slakoth,"SLAKOTH lolls around for over twenty hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food. This POKéMON’s sole daily meal consists of just three leaves."
vigoroth,"VIGOROTH is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can’t tolerate sitting still for even a minute. This POKéMON’s stress level rises if it can’t be moving constantly."
slaking,"È il Pokémon più pigro del mondo, ma può sprigionare di colpo una quantità spaventosa di energia a lungo repressa."
nincada,"有时能在土里生活１０年以上。 会从树木的根部那里吸取营养。"
ninjask,"NINJASK moves around at such a high speed that it cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard. For that reason, this POKéMON was long believed to be invisible."
shedinja,"A discarded bug shell that came to life. Peering into the crack on its back is said to steal one’s spirit."
whismur,"Normally, WHISMUR’s voice is very quiet - it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this POKéMON senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume."
loudred,"LOUDRED’s bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. It uses its voice to punish its foes. This POKéMON’s round ears serve as loudspeakers."
exploud,"EXPLOUD triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this POKéMON violently inhales from the ports on its body, it’s a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow."
makuhita,"MAKUHITA is tenacious - it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it gets back up, this POKéMON stores more energy in its body for evolving."
hariyama,"HARIYAMA practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this POKéMON’s powerful, openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two."
azurill,"AZURILL spins its tail as if it were a lasso, then hurls it far. The momentum of the throw sends its body flying, too. Using this unique action, one of these POKéMON managed to hurl itself a record 33 feet."
nosepass,"NOSEPASS’s magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these POKéMON meet, they cannot turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another."
skitty,"SKITTY has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing them around. This POKéMON is known to chase after its own tail and become dizzy."
delcatty,"DELCATTY prefers to live an unfettered existence in which it can do as it pleases at its own pace. Because this POKéMON eats and sleeps whenever it decides, its daily routines are completely random."
sableye,"SABLEYE lead quiet lives deep inside caverns. They are feared, however, because these POKéMON are thought to steal the spirits of people when their eyes burn with a sinister glow in the darkness."
mawile,"MAWHILE’s huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, MAWHILE chomps it with its gaping jaws."
aron,"This POKéMON has a body of steel. To make its body, ARON feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains. Occasionally, it causes major trouble by eating bridges and rails."
lairon,"Il raffole du minerai de fer. Il défend son territoire en chargeant avec son corps d’acier."
aggron,"AGGRON claims an entire mountain as its own territory. It mercilessly beats up anything that violates its environment. This POKéMON vigilantly patrols its territory at all times."
meditite,"MEDITITE undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever it meditates, this POKéMON always loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training never ends."
medicham,"It is said that through meditation, MEDICHAM heightens energy inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense. This POKéMON hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains."
electrike,"ELECTRIKE stores electricity in its long body hair. This POKéMON stimulates its leg muscles with electric charges. These jolts of power give its legs explosive acceleration performance."
manectric,"It rarely appears before people. It is said to nest where lightning has fallen."
plusle,"PLUSLE always acts as a cheerleader for its partners. Whenever a teammate puts out a good effort in battle, this POKéMON shorts out its body to create the crackling noises of sparks to show its joy."
minun,"MINUN is more concerned about cheering on its partners than its own safety. It shorts out the electricity in its body to create brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates."
volbeat,"With the arrival of night, VOLBEAT emits light from its tail. It communicates with others by adjusting the intensity and flashing of its light. This POKéMON is attracted by the sweet aroma of ILLUMISE."
illumise,"ILLUMISE attracts a swarm of VOLBEAT using a sweet fragrance. Once the VOLBEAT have gathered, this POKéMON leads the lit-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the canvas of the night sky."
roselia,"両手の　花を　ねらう　相手には 鋭い　トゲを　飛ばして　攻撃する。 花の　香りは　気持ちを　和ませる。"
gulpin,"Virtually all of GULPIN’s body is its stomach. As a result, it can swallow something its own size. This POKéMON’s stomach contains a special fluid that digests anything."
swalot,"It swallows anything whole. It sweats toxic fluids from its follicles to douse foes."
carvanha,"CARVANHA’s strongly developed jaws and its sharply pointed fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls. Many boats have been attacked and sunk by this POKéMON."
sharpedo,"Nicknamed “the bully of the sea,” SHARPEDO is widely feared. Its cruel fangs grow back immediately if they snap off. Just one of these POKéMON can thoroughly tear apart a supertanker."
wailmer,"It bounces playfully like a ball. The more seawater it swallows, the higher it bounces."
wailord,"WAILORD is the largest of all identified POKéMON up to now. This giant POKéMON swims languorously in the vast open sea, eating massive amounts of food at once with its enormous mouth."
numel,"NUMEL is extremely dull witted - it doesn’t notice being hit. However, it can’t stand hunger for even a second. This POKéMON’s body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma."
camerupt,"CAMERUPT has a volcano inside its body. Magma of 18,000 degrees F courses through its body. Occasionally, the humps on this POKéMON’s back erupt, spewing the superheated magma."
torkoal,"TORKOAL digs through mountains in search of coal. If it finds some, it fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coal and burns it. If it is attacked, this POKéMON spouts thick black smoke to beat a retreat."
spoink,"SPOINK bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this POKéMON cannot afford to stop bouncing - if it stops, its heart will stop."
grumpig,"GRUMPIG uses the black pearls on its body to amplify its psychic power waves for gaining total control over its foe. When this POKéMON uses its special power, its snorting breath grows labored."
spinda,"All the SPINDA that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this POKéMON give it the appearance of dancing."
trapinch,"Its big jaws crunch through boulders. Because its head is so big, it has a hard time getting back upright if it tips over onto its back."
vibrava,"To make prey faint, VIBRAVA generates ultrasonic waves by vigorously making its two wings vibrate. This POKéMON’s ultrasonic waves are so powerful, they can bring on headaches in people."
flygon,"FLYGON is nicknamed “the elemental  spirit of the desert.” Because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand, this POKéMON is always enveloped in a sandstorm while flying."
cacnea,"CACNEA lives in arid locations such as deserts. It releases a strong aroma from its flower to attract prey. When prey comes near, this POKéMON shoots sharp thorns from its body to bring the victim down."
cacturne,"During the daytime, CACTURNE remains unmoving so that it does not lose any moisture to the harsh desert sun. This POKéMON becomes active at night when the temperature drops."
swablu,"SWABLU has light and fluffy wings that are like cottony clouds. This POKéMON is not frightened of people. It lands on the heads of people and sits there like a cotton-fluff hat."
altaria,"ALTARIA dances and wheels through the sky among billowing, cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clear voice, this POKéMON makes its listeners experience dreamy wonderment."
zangoose,"Se sente anche solo l’odore di Seviper, gli si rizza la pelliccia. Lacera il nemico con artigli affilati."
seviper,"SEVIPER shares a generations-long feud with ZANGOOSE. The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles. This POKéMON attacks using its sword- edged tail."
lunatone,"LUNATONE was discovered at a location where a meteorite fell. As a result, some people theorize that this POKéMON came from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far."
solrock,"SOLROCK is a new species of POKéMON that is said to have fallen from space. It floats in air and moves silently. In battle, this POKéMON releases intensely bright light."
barboach,"BARBOACH’s sensitive whiskers serve as a superb radar system. This POKéMON hides in mud, leaving only its two whiskers exposed while it waits for prey to come along."
whiscash,"WHISCASH is extremely territorial. Just one of these POKéMON will claim a large pond as its exclusive territory. If a foe approaches it, it thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake."
corphish,"CORPHISH were originally foreign POKéMON that were imported as pets. They eventually turned up in the wild. This POKéMON is very hardy and has greatly increased its population."
crawdaunt,"CRAWDAUNT has an extremely violent nature that compels it to challenge other living things to battle. Other life-forms refuse to live in ponds inhabited by this POKéMON, making them desolate places."
baltoy,"BALTOY moves while spinning around on its one foot. Primitive wall paintings depicting this POKéMON living among people were discovered in some ancient ruins."
claydol,"CLAYDOL are said to be dolls of mud made by primitive humans and brought to life by exposure to a mysterious ray. This POKéMON moves about while levitating."
lileep,"LILEEP became extinct approximately a hundred million years ago. This ancient POKéMON attaches itself to a rock on the seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles  shaped like flower petals."
cradily,"CRADILY roams around the ocean floor in search of food. This POKéMON freely extends its tree trunk-like neck and captures unwary prey using its eight tentacles."
anorith,"ANORITH was regenerated from a prehistoric fossil. This primitive POKéMON once lived in warm seas. It grips its prey firmly between its two large claws."
armaldo,"ARMALDO’s tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This POKéMON’s two enormous claws can be freely extended or contracted. They have the power to punch right through a steel slab."
feebas,"FEEBAS’s fins are ragged and tattered from the start of its life. Because of its shoddy appearance, this POKéMON is largely ignored. It is capable of living in both the sea and in rivers."
milotic,"Es el Pokémon más hermoso del mundo. Milotic ha inspirado numerosas obras de arte."
castform,"CASTFORM’s appearance changes with the weather. This POKéMON gained the ability to use the vast power of nature to protect its tiny body."
kecleon,"KECLEON is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings. There is one exception - this POKéMON can’t change the zigzag pattern on its belly."
shuppet,"SHUPPET is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If someone develops strong feelings of vengeance, this POKéMON will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of that person’s home."
banette,"BANETTE generates energy for laying strong curses by sticking pins into its own body. This POKéMON was originally a pitiful plush doll that was thrown away."
duskull,"DUSKULL can pass through any wall no matter how thick it may be. Once this POKéMON chooses a target, it will doggedly pursue the intended victim until the break of dawn."
dusclops,"DUSCLOPS’s body is completely hollow - there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This POKéMON will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out."
tropius,"The bunches of fruit around TROPIUS’s neck are very popular with children. This POKéMON loves fruit, and eats it continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit."
chimecho,"Emitting ultrasonic cries, it floats on winds to travel great distances."
absol,"Every time ABSOL appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result, it came to be known as the disaster POKéMON."
wynaut,"WYNAUT can always be seen with a big, happy smile on its face. Look at its tail to determine if it is angry. When angered, this POKéMON will be slapping the ground with its tail."
snorunt,"SNORUNT live in regions with heavy snowfall. In seasons without snow, such as spring and summer, this POKéMON steals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns."
glalie,"從大大的嘴巴裡噴出寒氣， 把獵物瞬間凍得硬梆梆的， 然後大口咬碎享用。"
spheal,"SPHEAL is much faster rolling than  walking to get around. When groups of this POKéMON eat, they all clap at once to show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy."
sealeo,"SEALEO has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose anything it sees for the first time. This POKéMON occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a SPHEAL on its nose."
walrein,"WALREIN’s two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing ten tons with one blow. This POKéMON’s thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures."
clamperl,"CLAMPERL’s sturdy shell is not only good for protection - it is also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown CLAMPERL’s shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over."
huntail,"It lives deep in the pitch-dark sea. It attracts prey by moving its tail in mimicry of a small animal."
gorebyss,"GOREBYSS lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its body is built to withstand the enormous pressure of water at incredible depths. Because of this, this POKéMON’s body is unharmed by ordinary attacks."
relicanth,"It has remained unchanged for 100 million years. It was discovered during a deep-sea exploration."
luvdisc,"LUVDISC live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped POKéMON earned its name by swimming after loving couples it spotted in the ocean’s waves."
bagon,"BAGON has a dream of one day soaring in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly, this POKéMON hurls itself off cliffs. As a result of its dives, its head has  grown tough and as hard as tempered steel."
shelgon,"Inside SHELGON’s armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of transformation to create an entirely new body. This POKéMON’s shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish."
salamence,"SALAMENCE came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this POKéMON’s cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings."
beldum,"Its cells are all magnetic, and it communicates with others by using magnetic pulses."
metang,"When two BELDUM fuse together, METANG is formed. The brains of the BELDUM are joined by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this POKéMON generates strong psychokinetic power."
metagross,"METAGROSS has four brains in total. Combined, the four brains can breeze through difficult calculations faster than a supercomputer. This POKéMON can float in the air by tucking in its four legs."
regirock,"REGIROCK was sealed away by people long ago. If this POKéMON’s body is damaged in battle, it is said to seek out suitable rocks on its own to repair itself."
regice,"REGICE’s body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen body can’t be melted, even by fire. This POKéMON controls frigid air of minus 328 degrees F."
registeel,"REGISTEEL has a body that is harder than any kind of metal. Its body is apparently hollow. No one has any idea what this POKéMON eats."
latias,"LATIAS is highly sensitive to the emotions of people. If it senses any hostility, this POKéMON ruffles the feathers all over its body and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe."
latios,"Un Pokémon très intelligent. Il peut voler plus vite qu’un avion à réaction en repliant ses ailes."
kyogre,"KYOGRE has the power to create massive rain clouds that cover the entire sky and bring about torrential downpours. This POKéMON saved people who were suffering from droughts."
groudon,"GROUDON has long been described in  mythology as the POKéMON that raised lands and expanded continents. This POKéMON took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with KYOGRE."
rayquaza,"RAYQUAZA lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth’s ozone layer,  never descending to the ground. This POKéMON appears to feed on water and particles in the atmosphere."
jirachi,"A legend states that JIRACHI will make true any wish that is written on notes attached to its head when it awakens. If this POKéMON senses danger, it will fight without awakening."
deoxys,"The DNA of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon exposure to a laser beam and resulted in DEOXYS. The crystalline organ on this POKéMON’s chest appears to be its brain."
turtwig,"Made from soil, the shell on its back hardens when it drinks water. It lives along lakes."
grotle,"숲 속의 물가에서 산다. 낮에는 숲 밖으로 나와서 등껍질의 나무에 빛을 쬔다."
torterra,"Small Pokémon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests."
chimchar,"It agilely scales sheer cliffs to live atop craggy mountains. Its fire is put out when it sleeps."
monferno,"To intimidate attackers, it stretches the fire on its tail to make itself appear bigger."
infernape,"It uses a special kind of martial arts involving all its limbs. Its fire never goes out."
piplup,"Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold."
prinplup,"It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important."
empoleon,"The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns."
starly,"They flock in great numbers. Though small, they flap their wings with great power."
staravia,"It flies around forests and fields in search of bug Pokémon. It stays within a huge flock."
staraptor,"It has a savage nature. It will courageously challenge foes that are much larger."
bidoof,"With nerves of steel, nothing can perturb it. It is more agile and active than it appears."
bibarel,"It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker."
kricketot,"It shakes its head back to front, causing its antennae to hit each other and sound like a xylophone."
kricketune,"It crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest when it cries. It can compose melodies ad lib."
shinx,"All of its fur dazzles if danger is sensed. It flees while the foe is momentarily blinded."
luxio,"Its claws loose electricity with enough amperage to cause fainting. They live in small groups."
luxray,"It has eyes that can see through anything. It spots and captures prey hiding behind objects."
budew,"Over the winter, it closes its bud and endures the cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen."
roserade,"It attracts prey with a sweet aroma, then downs it with thorny whips hidden in its arms."
cranidos,"It lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its skull is as hard as iron."
rampardos,"Its powerful head butt has enough power to shatter even the most durable things upon impact."
shieldon,"A Pokémon that lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its facial hide is extremely hard."
bastiodon,"Any frontal attack is repulsed. It is a docile Pokémon that feeds on grass and berries."
burmy,"To shelter itself from cold, wintry winds, it covers itself with a cloak made of twigs and leaves."
wormadam,"When BURMY evolved, its cloak became a part of this Pokémon’s body. The cloak is never shed."
mothim,"It loves the honey of flowers and steals honey collected by COMBEE."
combee,"A Pokémon formed by three others. It busily carries sweet floral honey to VESPIQUEN."
vespiquen,"Its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. It raises its grubs on honey collected by COMBEE."
pachirisu,"It makes fur balls that crackle with static electricity. It stores them with berries in tree holes."
buizel,"It has a flotation sac that is like an inflatable collar. It floats on water with its head out."
floatzel,"It floats using its well-developed flotation sac. It assists in the rescues of drowning people."
cherubi,"The small ball holds the nutrients needed for evolution. Apparently, it is very sweet and tasty."
cherrim,"It blooms during times of strong sunlight. It tries to make up for everything it endured as a bud."
shellos,"Cambia facilmente aspetto e colore secondo il luogo di provenienza."
gastrodon,"It has a pliable body without any bones. If any part of its body is torn off, it grows right back."
ambipom,"To eat, it deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. It rarely uses its arms now."
drifloon,"Pokémon formato dalle anime di persone e Pokémon. Ama le stagioni umide."
drifblim,"It’s drowzy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go."
buneary,"It slams foes by sharply uncoiling its rolled ears. It stings enough to make a grown-up cry in pain."
lopunny,"An extremely cautious Pokémon. It cloaks its body with its fluffy ear fur when it senses danger."
mismagius,"Its cries sound like incantations. Those hearing it are tormented by headaches and hallucinations."
honchkrow,"Becoming active at night, it is known to swarm with numerous MURKROW in tow."
glameow,"It claws if displeased and purrs when affectionate. Its fickleness is very popular among some."
purugly,"Para intimidar y parecer más corpulento, se aprieta la cintura con su cola bífida."
chingling,"It emits cries by agitating an orb at the back of its throat. It moves with flouncing hops."
stunky,"It protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours."
skuntank,"It sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail to attack. Its range is over 160 feet."
bronzor,"Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related."
bronzong,"One caused a news sensation when it was dug up at a construction site after a 2,000-year sleep."
bonsly,"It prefers an arid atmosphere. It leaks water that looks like tears when adjusting its moisture level."
mime-jr,"It habitually mimics foes. Once mimicked, the foe cannot take its eyes off this Pokémon."
happiny,"It loves round white things. It carries an egg-shaped rock in imitation of CHANSEY."
chatot,"It can learn and speak human words. If they gather, they all learn the same saying."
spiritomb,"A Pokémon that was formed by 108 spirits. It is bound to a fissure in an odd keystone."
gible,"It nests in small, horizontal holes in cave walls. It pounces to catch prey that stray too close."
gabite,"There is a long-held belief that medicine made from its scales will heal even incurable illnesses."
garchomp,"Quando si piega e distende le ali, sembra un jet. Vola a una velocità supersonica."
munchlax,"It wolfs down its weight in food once a day, swallowing food whole with almost no chewing."
riolu,"The aura that emanates from its body intensifies to alert others if it is afraid or sad."
lucario,"It has the ability to sense the auras of all things. It understands human speech."
hippopotas,"It lives in arid places. Instead of perspiration, it expels grainy sand from its body."
hippowdon,"It blasts internally stored sand from ports on its body to create a towering twister for attack."
skorupi,"It grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison. It tenaciously hangs on until the poison takes."
drapion,"It has the power in its clawed arms to make scrap of a car. The tips of its claws release poison."
croagunk,"Its cheeks hold poison sacs. It tries to catch foes off guard to jab them with toxic fingers."
toxicroak,"Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin so vile that even a scratch could prove fatal."
carnivine,"It attracts prey with its sweet- smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey."
finneon,"After long exposure to sunlight, the patterns on its tail fins shine vividly when darkness arrives."
lumineon,"It lives on the deep-sea floor. It attracts prey by flashing the patterns on its four tail fins."
mantyke,"A friendly Pokémon that captures the subtle flows of seawater using its two antennae."
snover,"It lives on snowy mountains. Having had little contact with humans, it is boldly inquisitive."
abomasnow,"It whips up blizzards in mountains that are always buried in snow. It is the abominable snowman."
weavile,"They live in cold regions, forming groups of four or five that hunt prey with impressive coordination."
magnezone,"It evolved from exposure to a special magnetic field. Three units generate magnetism."
lickilicky,"It wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting too close to it will leave you soaked with drool."
rhyperior,"It puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot them. GEODUDE are shot at rare times."
tangrowth,"It ensnares prey by extending arms made of vines. Losing arms to predators does not trouble it."
electivire,"It pushes the tips of its two tails against the foe, then lets loose with over 20,000 volts of power."
magmortar,"It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees F from the ends of its arms. It lives in volcanic craters."
togekiss,"It will never appear where there is strife. Its sightings have become rare recently."
yanmega,"Seine bevorzugte Strategie besteht darin, seine Gegner aus dem Flug blitzartig zur Strecke zu bringen."
leafeon,"Just like a plant, it uses photosynthesis. As a result, it is always enveloped in clear air."
glaceon,"As a protective technique, it can completely freeze its fur to make its hairs stand like needles."
gliscor,"It observes prey while hanging inverted from branches. When the chance presents itself, it swoops!"
mamoswine,"Its impressive tusks are made of ice. The population thinned when it turned warm after the ice age."
porygon-z,"Additional software was installed to make it a better Pokémon. It began acting oddly, however."
gallade,"A master of courtesy and swordsmanship, it fights using extending swords on its elbows."
probopass,"Il utilise sa force magnétique pour diriger trois petites unités appelées Mini-nez."
dusknoir,"Man sagt, dass es verlorene Seelen in seinem biegsamen Körper nach Hause geleite."
froslass,"It freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees F. What seems to be its body is actually hollow."
rotom,"Un Pokémon longtemps étudié comme source d’énergie pour un moteur très spécial."
uxie,"Known as “The Being of Knowledge.” It is said that it can wipe out the memory of those who see its eyes."
mesprit,"Known as “The Being of Emotion.” It taught humans the nobility of sorrow, pain, and joy."
azelf,"It is thought that Uxie, Mesprit, and Azelf all came from the same egg."
dialga,"It has the power to control time. It appears in Sinnoh-region myths as an ancient deity."
palkia,"It has the ability to distort space. It is described as a deity in Sinnoh-region mythology."
heatran,"It dwells in volcanic caves. It digs in with its cross-shaped feet to crawl on ceilings and walls."
regigigas,"There is an enduring legend that states this Pokémon towed continents with ropes."
giratina,"A Pokémon that is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours. It appears in an ancient cemetery."
cresselia,"Shiny particles are released from its wings like a veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon."
phione,"A Pokémon that lives in warm seas. It inflates the flotation sac on its head to drift and search for food."
manaphy,"Born on a cold seafloor, it will swim great distances to return to its birthplace."
darkrai,"It can lull people to sleep and make them dream. It is active during nights of the new moon."
shaymin,"Puede disolver las toxinas del aire para transformar tierra yerma en campos de flores."
arceus,"It is told in mythology that this Pokémon was born before the universe even existed."
victini,"Un Pokémon qui amène la victoire. On dit que les Dresseurs qui le possèdent peuvent gagner n’importe quel combat."
snivy,"Un Pokémon intelligent et très calme. Lorsqu’il a reçu suffisamment de lumière du soleil, il devient plus agile."
servine,"Il court comme s’il glissait sur le sol. Il déroute l’ennemi par ses mouvements et l’assomme d’un coup de liane."
serperior,"Il peut paralyser l’ennemi d’un regard. Il amplifie l’énergie du soleil dans son corps."
tepig,"Il évite agilement les attaques ennemies et crache des boules de feu par le groin. Il aime griller des Baies pour les manger."
pignite,"Quand le feu dans son corps s’embrase, sa vitesse et son agilité augmentent. En cas d’urgence, il crache de la fumée."
emboar,"Il embrase ses poings avec les flammes sur son menton et cogne l’ennemi avec. C’est un Pokémon très solidaire."
oshawott,"Il combat avec le coupillage de son ventre. Il peut parer un assaut et immédiatement contre-attaquer."
dewott,"L’apprentissage de sa technique de combat, qui utilise élégamment ses deux coupillages, est extrêmement rigoureux."
samurott,"Il peut terrasser ses ennemis d’un coup de la lame enchâssée dans son armure, et les faire taire d’un seul regard."
patrat,"Ils stockent à manger dans leurs bajoues et font le guet indéfiniment. Ils se font des signes en remuant la queue."
watchog,"Il attaque en crachant les graines des Baies qu’il accumule dans ses bajoues. S’il voit un ennemi, il dresse la queue."
lillipup,"Il fait vaillamment face à des ennemis très puissants, mais il est intelligent et évite les combats trop inégaux."
herdier,"Les poils qui entourent son corps comme un manteau sont extrêmement durs et amortissent les coups."
stoutland,"Il sauve les gens bloqués dans les montagnes par des tempêtes de neige. Ses longs poils le protègent du froid."
purrloin,"Il vole les gens pour le plaisir, mais il est tellement mignon que ses victimes finissent toujours par lui pardonner."
liepard,"Un Pokémon insaisissable. Son style et son pelage magnifique attirent de nombreux Dresseurs."
pansage,"Il vit dans les forêts profondes. Manger la feuille qui pousse sur sa tête fait disparaître la fatigue."
simisage,"Il a un tempérament violent et se bat avec sa queue pleine d’épines. La feuille sur sa tête est très amère."
pansear,"Quand il s’énerve, la mèche sur sa tête chauffe à 300 °C. Il s’en sert pour griller des Baies et les manger."
simisear,"Il adore les aliments sucrés. Ils lui servent d’énergie pour alimenter le feu à l’intérieur de son corps."
panpour,"L’eau contenue dans la mèche sur sa tête est pleine de nutriments. Elle fait pousser les plantes avec vigueur."
simipour,"Il stocke de l’eau dans les mèches de sa tête. Quand il est à sec, il se ravitaille en aspirant de l’eau par la queue."
munna,"Quand Munna mange un rêve, celui-ci est aussitôt oublié par le rêveur. Il lévite en permanence."
musharna,"La fumée qui sort de son front contient les rêves de nombreuses personnes et ceux de nombreux Pokémon."
pidove,"Il suit scrupuleusement les consignes de son Dresseur, mais il a du mal à comprendre les ordres trop compliqués."
tranquill,"Aussi éloigné qu’il puisse se trouver, il parvient toujours à retourner auprès de son Dresseur."
unfezant,"Le mâle intimide ses ennemis avec ses caroncules. La femelle vole mieux que le mâle."
blitzle,"Leur crinière scintille quand ils lâchent une décharge électrique. Ils se servent de ces scintillements pour communiquer."
zebstrika,"Il réagit à la vitesse de l’éclair. Lorsqu’il est en plein galop, on peut entendre le grondement du tonnerre."
roggenrola,"Il a une oreille hexagonale. Son corps, compressé dans des strates profondes, est dur comme de l’acier."
boldore,"Quand il est gonflé à bloc, ses cristaux orangés scintillent. Il cherche de l’eau souterraine dans les grottes."
gigalith,"Il comprime de l’énergie dans son corps, et ses attaques sont assez puissantes pour renverser des montagnes."
woobat,"Il vit dans les forêts sombres et les grottes. Il émet des ultrasons par le nez pour se diriger."
swoobat,"Il émet des ondes sonores de différentes fréquences par le nez. Certaines peuvent briser des rochers."
drilbur,"Il peut creuser à plus de 50 km/h et faire la course avec une voiture roulant sur le terrain qu’il creuse."
excadrill,"Ses vrilles en acier peuvent transpercer des poutres en fer. Il est très employé dans la construction de tunnels."
audino,"Il ausculte les gens avec ses antennes auriculaires pour juger de leurs émotions ou de leur santé."
timburr,"Il combat avec une poutre. Quand il en arrive à transporter de lourds madriers sans problème, l’évolution est proche."
gurdurr,"Même une armée de catcheurs se jetant sur son corps hyper musclé ne le ferait pas ciller."
conkeldurr,"Es setzt Attacken ein, die sich die Zentrifugalkraft zunutze machen, indem es seine Betonpfeiler umherschwingt."
tympole,"Il prévient ses camarades du danger en faisant vibrer ses joues pour générer un signal d’alarme très aigu."
palpitoad,"Quand il fait vibrer la bosse sur sa tête, il provoque des ondulations dans l’eau, mais aussi des tremblements de terre."
seismitoad,"Il fait gicler un liquide paralysant des pustules sur sa tête, et attaque ses ennemis à coups de vibrations."
throh,"Quand il noue sa ceinture, il devient plus puissant. Les Judokrak sauvages tressent leur ceinture avec des lianes."
sawk,"Dans les montagnes où il s’entraîne, on peut l’entendre donner des coups de poing aux rochers et aux grands arbres."
sewaddle,"Quand il éclot, Manternel lui coud son vêtement. Il dort en cachant son visage sous sa capuche."
swadloon,"Dans les forêts où il vit, la végétation pousse bien car il transforme les feuilles mortes en engrais."
leavanny,"Quand il trouve de petits Pokémon, il leur coud des vêtements de feuilles en utilisant ses coupoirs et son fil adhésif."
venipede,"Sa morsure est très venimeuse. Elle paralyse même les grands Pokémon Oiseaux, ses prédateurs."
whirlipede,"Protégé par sa solide carapace, il fonce sur ses ennemis en roulant comme un pneu."
scolipede,"Il accule l’ennemi par ses mouvements rapides et l’attaque avec ses cornes. Il ne s’arrête qu’au coup de grâce."
cottonee,"會噴出棉花保護身體。 有時會被颱風吹到 地球的另一邊。"
whimsicott,"Il se faufile comme le vent par les espaces les plus étroits, en laissant une touffe de poils blancs."
petilil,"Les feuilles sur sa tête sont très amères, mais elles remettent d’aplomb les corps les plus éreintés."
lilligant,"Même les Dresseurs confirmés ont du mal à faire éclore sa belle fleur. Un Pokémon apprécié des célébrités."
basculin,"Les bleus et les rouges se détestent cordialement et se battent dès qu’ils s’aperçoivent. Un Pokémon très violent."
sandile,"Il vit dans le sable des déserts. Le sable chauffé par le soleil empêche son corps de refroidir."
krokorok,"Ils vivent en petits groupes. La membrane qui couvre leurs yeux les protège du soleil."
krookodile,"Il ne laisse jamais échapper ses proies. Ses mâchoires surpuissantes peuvent broyer une voiture."
darumaka,"Quand le feu brûle dans son corps, il est tout excité et court partout. Quand le feu s’apaise, il s’endort."
darmanitan,"Genera llamas que alcanzan los 1400 °C con las que es capaz de destrozar un camión."
maractus,"Avec une danse et des sons saccadés, il fait fuir ses prédateurs, les Pokémon Oiseaux dévoreurs de graines de fleur."
dwebble,"Il peut facilement creuser son trou dans les pierres les plus dures grâce au liquide sécrété par sa bouche."
crustle,"Entre eux, les querelles de territoire sont fréquentes et violentes. Celui qui se fait briser son rocher a perdu."
scraggy,"Il remonte sa peau jusqu’à son cou pour se protéger. Elle a une constitution élastique qui absorbe les coups."
scrafty,"Ils se regroupent pour rosser ceux qui pénètrent sur leur territoire. Ils crachent un venin corrosif."
sigilyph,"On dit qu’il parcourt toujours le même itinéraire parce qu’il a gardé la mémoire de la ville antique qu’il protégeait."
yamask,"Le motif de son masque est son visage quand il était humain. Parfois, il le regarde et se met à pleurer."
cofagrigus,"Il paraît qu’il avale les gens et les transforme en momies. Il adore manger des lingots d’or."
tirtouga,"Il a été recréé à partir d’un fossile préhistorique. Il peut plonger jusqu’à 1 000 mètres de profondeur."
carracosta,"Il vit sur terre et en mer. Ses bras surpuissants peuvent percer des trous dans la coque des paquebots."
archen,"Siempre se ha creído que era el antecesor de los Pokémon pájaro, aunque investigaciones recientes lo ponen en duda."
archeops,"Il s’envole après avoir pris de l’élan. Il est assez intelligent pour chasser ses proies en groupe."
trubbish,"Il aime les endroits mal tenus. Le gaz qu’il rote endort pendant une semaine."
garbodor,"Il étrangle ses ennemis avec son bras droit et les achève avec le gaz puant et empoisonné qu’il exhale par la bouche."
zorua,"Il a le pouvoir de prendre l’apparence des autres. On dit qu’il se transforme souvent en petit enfant silencieux."
zoroark,"Stories say those who tried to catch Zoroark were trapped in an illusion and punished."
minccino,"Si salutano pulendosi l’un l’altro con le loro code."
cinccino,"Leurs poils blancs sont recouverts d’une graisse spéciale qui leur permet d’esquiver facilement les attaques."
gothita,"Concentre des pouvoirs psychiques dans ses antennes semblables à des rubans, et regarde fixement... mais quoi?"
gothorita,"Hypnotise les Pokémon et les gens. Il y a de nombreuses légendes de gens enlevés dans leur sommeil par des Mesmérella."
gothitelle,"Ses pouvoirs psychiques plient l’espace aux alentours. On y voit des étoiles éloignées de millions d’années-lumière."
solosis,"Ils repoussent leurs assaillants avec leurs pouvoirs psychiques et communiquent entre eux par télépathie."
duosion,"Il possède deux cerveaux séparés qui le font parfois agir de façon totalement incohérente."
reuniclus,"Quand ils se tiennent par la main, leurs cerveaux forment un réseau qui démultiplie leurs pouvoirs psychiques."
ducklett,"Un Pokémon Oiseau doué pour la plongée. Il nage sous l’eau à la recherche de sphaigne, son plat préféré."
swanna,"Ils se mettent à danser à la tombée de la nuit. Le Lakmécygne qui danse au centre est le chef de la troupe."
vanillite,"Il exhale une haleine à -50 °C. Il fabrique des cristaux de neige et fait neiger autour de lui."
vanillish,"Un Pokémon qui vit dans les montagnes enneigées. Il a émigré au sud durant l’ère glaciaire, il y a bien longtemps."
vanilluxe,"Il avale de l’eau en grande quantité et la transforme en nuages neigeux. Il souffle du blizzard sur ses ennemis."
deerling,"Son pelage prend la même couleur et la même odeur que les hautes herbes. S’il sent un ennemi, il court s’y réfugier."
sawsbuck,"Il change d’habitat selon les saisons. Les gens constatent le passage des saisons en regardant ses ramures."
emolga,"Il accumule dans ses membranes l’électricité qu’il produit dans ses bajoues, et la relâche tout en planant."
karrablast,"전기 에너지에 반응하는 이상한 체질을 지녔다. 쪼마리와 함께 있으면 진화한다."
escavalier,"Il vole à toute vitesse et frappe tout ennemi de ses lances pointues. Il combat bravement contre les plus forts que lui."
foongus,"Grâce à sa ressemblance mystérieuse avec une Poké Ball, il attire ses ennemis et relâche des spores empoisonnées."
amoonguss,"Il danse en faisant tournoyer les coupoles en forme de Poké Ball de ses bras pour attirer ses proies."
frillish,"Il s’enfonce dans les profondeurs de la mer en emmenant son ennemi, qu’il ligote avec ses bras fins comme des voiles."
jellicent,"Les bateaux qui s’aventurent sur son territoire coulent, et Moyade aspire l’énergie vitale des marins."
alomomola,"They float upon the open sea. Many water Pokémon gather in the area around Alomomola."
joltik,"Les Statitik qui vivent en ville ont appris à aspirer le courant depuis les prises électriques des maisons."
galvantula,"Quand on l’attaque, il projette une multitude de fils électrifiés pour créer une barrière électrique."
ferroseed,"Quand il sent un danger, il réagit en projetant toutes ses épines d’un coup et s’enfuit en roulant sur lui-même."
ferrothorn,"Il combat avec ses trois tentacules épineux. Un coup de ses épines d’acier peut briser en deux de gros rochers."
klink,"La compatibilité entre ses deux rouages est prédéterminée. Ceux-ci ne se fixeront à aucun autre."
klang,"Ils communiquent entre eux en changeant leur sens de rotation. Plus ils sont en colère, plus ils tournent vite."
klinklang,"Son noyau rouge lui permet d’accumuler de l’énergie qu’il projette ensuite aux alentours grâce à ses pics."
tynamo,"Tout seuls, ils ne dégagent pas beaucoup d’électricité, mais un banc d’Anchwatt produit la même puissance qu’un éclair."
eelektrik,"Ses taches rondes émettent de l’électricité. Il s’enroule autour de ses proies et les électrocute."
eelektross,"Il peut sortir de l’eau à la force de ses bras pour attraper des proies sur la rive. Il retourne à l’eau en un instant."
elgyem,"Avec son puissant pouvoir psychique, il peut compresser le cerveau de ses ennemis et déclencher des migraines."
beheeyem,"Il peut manipuler les souvenirs de ses ennemis et fait clignoter ses doigts tricolores pour discuter avec ses amis."
litwick,"Sa flamme brûle en consumant l’énergie vitale des gens et des Pokémon."
lampent,"Un Pokémon craint pour être de mauvais augure. Il erre dans les villes à la recherche d’âmes de défunts."
chandelure,"Il brûle en aspirant les âmes, et hypnotise ses ennemis en faisant osciller les flammes de ses bras."
axew,"木の実を　キバで　砕いて　食べる。 何回も　生え変わることで 強く　鋭い　キバに　なる。"
fraxure,"Comme ses crocs brisés ne repoussent pas, il les aiguise après le combat grâce à une pierre ramassée près d’un fleuve."
haxorus,"Il est doux, mais ne pardonne pas à ceux qui viennent saccager son territoire. Ses crocs peuvent découper de l’acier."
cubchoo,"Quand il est malade, sa goutte au nez dégèle et ses capacités de type Glace deviennent moins efficaces."
beartic,"Il fait lui-même geler son haleine. Il est bon nageur et sillonne les mers du nord à la recherche de ses proies."
cryogonal,"Si sa température monte, il se dissipe en vapeur d’eau et disparaît. Quand elle diminue, il redevient de glace."
shelmet,"Quand on l’attaque, il referme sa visière pour se défendre, et projette un poison visqueux."
accelgor,"Quand son corps s’assèche, il faiblit. Il s’en prémunit en s’enroulant dans plusieurs couches d’une fine muqueuse."
stunfisk,"Sa peau est si dure qu’il peut se faire piétiner par un sumo sans rien sentir. Il sourit en émettant de l’électricité."
mienfoo,"Il découpe ses ennemis avec ses griffes acérées et les terrasse avec ses enchaînements de coups hyper fluides."
mienshao,"Il se sert des poils de ses pattes antérieures comme de fouets. Ses coups ultrarapides sont invisibles à l’œil nu."
druddigon,"Il utilise ses ailes pour emmagasiner la chaleur du soleil. Si la température de son corps baisse, il ne peut plus bouger."
golett,"Il se meut grâce à l’énergie stockée dans son corps. Personne ne sait d’où vient cette énergie mystérieuse."
golurk,"Il vole à la vitesse du son. Si le sceau sur sa poitrine est retiré, il perd tout contrôle de lui-même."
pawniard,"Tout son corps est fait de lames. Si une lame s’émousse, il va l’aiguiser contre une pierre au bord d’une rivière."
bisharp,"Ils dirigent les groupes de Scalpion. Ils se battent pour la suprématie sur le groupe, et les perdants en sont exclus."
bouffalant,"Son pelage fourni absorbe les chocs et lui permet d’asséner sans broncher le plus violent des coups de tête."
rufflet,"Il casse les Baies avec ses serres. Il combat courageusement, quelle que soit la force de l’adversaire."
braviary,"Pour les siens, il combat au mépris du danger. Il est capable de soulever une voiture haut dans le ciel."
vullaby,"Ses ailes sont trop petites pour lui permettre de voler. Quand l’évolution approche, il sort lui-même de sa coquille."
mandibuzz,"Il construit des nids en os. Il attrape les proies affaiblies avec ses serres et les transporte allègrement au nid."
heatmor,"Il aspire de l’air par la queue et entretient un brasier dans son corps. C’est le prédateur des Fermite."
durant,"Ils portent une armure de fer et se regroupent pour contrer les attaques de leurs prédateurs, les Aflamanoir."
deino,"Il mord tout ce qui bouge, et mange tout ce qu’il trouve. Il vaut mieux éviter de s’en approcher."
zweilous,"Ses deux têtes s’entendent mal. Même en mangeant, elles se cherchent des noises et dévorent à qui mieux mieux."
hydreigon,"Un Pokémon violent qui patrouille le ciel avec ses six ailes et se jette sur tout ce qui bouge, pensant voir un ennemi."
larvesta,"On dit que ce Pokémon serait né du soleil. Lorsqu’il évolue, tout son corps est enveloppé de flammes."
volcarona,"On dit que quand le ciel s’est obscurci à cause des cendres d’un volcan, le feu d’un Pyrax aurait remplacé le soleil."
cobalion,"Un Pokémon légendaire qui a combattu les humains pour protéger les Pokémon. Il est d’un naturel calme et posé."
terrakion,"Il a combattu les humains pour protéger les Pokémon ayant perdu leur foyer à cause de leurs guerres fratricides."
virizion,"Il a défié les humains pour protéger les siens. Son nom est resté dans la légende."
tornadus,"Le bas de son corps est entouré d’une masse d’énergie semblable à un nuage. Il vole dans le ciel à 300 km/h."
thundurus,"Les terres qu’il a survolées sont recouvertes d’innombrables traces des éclairs qu’il y a fait tomber."
reshiram,"Un Pokémon mythique. Il projette de sa queue un tourbillon de flammes capable de tout emporter."
zekrom,"Sa queue produit de l’électricité. Il dissimule son corps dans un nuage électrique et plane dans le ciel d’Unys."
landorus,"Lands visited by Landorus grant such bountiful crops that it has been hailed as “The Guardian of the Fields.”"
kyurem,"Son corps produit une énergie à très basse température, mais le souffle  glacé qu’il exhale l’a gelé lui-même."
keldeo,"Il projette de l’eau depuis ses sabots et se déplace ainsi à grande vitesse. Sa botte secrète est le coup de sabot."
meloetta,"Sa voix si particulière lui permet de chanter des mélodies qui ensorcellent les gens et modifient leurs émotions."
genesect,"Il y a 300 millions d’années, il était craint comme l’ultime prédateur. Il a été modifié par la Team Plasma."
chespin,"ふだん　やわらかい　あたまの　トゲは ちからを　こめると　するどく　とがり いわをも　つらぬくほど　かたくなる。"
quilladin,"からだを　おおう　がんじょうな　カラが てきの　こうげきを　はじきかえし するどい　トゲで　はんげきする。"
chesnaught,"たいあたりで　５０トンの　せんしゃを ひっくりかえす　パワー。じぶんが たてと　なって　なかまを　まもる。"
fennekin,"こえだを　たべると　げんきになって せっし２００どを　こえる　ねっきを おおきな　みみから　ふきだす。"
braixen,"きのえだを　しっぽに　さしている。 しっぽの　けの　まさつねつで えだに　ひをつけて　たたかう。"
delphox,"つえの　せんたんで　もえる　ほのおを みつめて　せいしんとういつすると みらいの　できごとを　みとおせる。"
froakie,"むねと　せなかから　あわを　だす。 だんりょくのある　あわで　こうげきを うけとめて　ダメージを　へらす。"
frogadier,"あわで　つつんだ　こいしを　なげる わざを　つかう。３０メートル　さきの あきかんに　あてる　コントロール。"
greninja,"みずを　あっしゅくして　しゅりけんを つくりだす。こうそくかいてんさせて とばすと　きんぞくも　まっぷたつ。"
bunnelby,"おおきな　みみで　じめんを　ほって すあなを　つくる。ひとばんじゅう やすまずに　ほりつづけられる。"
diggersby,"おおきな　みみは　１トンを　こえる いわを　らくに　もちあげる　パワー。 こうじげんばで　だいかつやくする。"
fletchling,"ひとなつっこい　せいかく。うつくしい さえずりと　おばねを　ふる　うごきで なかまに　あいずを　おくる。"
fletchinder,"ひのこを　クチバシから　とばして くさむらを　こがし　おどろいて とびだした　えものを　つかまえる。"
talonflame,"はげしい　たたかいで　こうふんすると ぜんしんの　うもうの　すきまから ひのこを　ふきだして　ひこうする。"
scatterbug,"とりポケモンに　おそわれると くろい　こなを　まきちらす。 ふれると　マヒする　どくのこなだ。"
spewpa,"しげみの　かげに　かくれて　くらす。 てきに　おそわれると　からだの　けを するどく　さかだてて　いかくする。"
vivillon,"せかいには　さまざまな　はねもようの ビビヨンがいる。すんでいる　とちの きこうが　えいきょうしているようだ。"
litleo,"つよい　あいてに　たちむかうときほど たてがみが　こうおんになり ぜんしんに　ちからが　みなぎるのだ。"
pyroar,"むれの　なかで　いちばん　おおきな ほのおの　たてがみを　もつ　オスが リーダーとして　なかまを　ひきいる。"
flabebe,"はなの　ひめた　ちからを　ひきだして じざいに　あやつる。フラベベが　もつ はなは　もはや　からだの　いちぶだ。"
floette,"はなばたけを　とびまわり　かれかけた はなを　せわする。はなの　ひめられた ちからを　ひきだして　たたかう。"
florges,"テリトリーは　みごとな　はなぞの。 くさばなが　はなつ　エネルギーを あびて　じぶんの　パワーにするのだ。"
skiddo,"ひとと　くらすようになった さいしょの　ポケモンと　いわれる。 おだやかな　せいかくの　ポケモン。"
gogoat,"ツノを　にぎる　わずかな　ちがいから トレーナーの　きもちを　よみとるので いったいとなって　はしれるのだ。"
pancham,"てきに　なめられないよう　がんばって にらみつけるが　こうかは　うすい。 くわえた　はっぱが　トレードマーク。"
pangoro,"以腕力为傲的野性的宝可梦。 性格豪爽， 因此迷恋它的训练家也很多。"
furfrou,"복슬복슬한 털을 깎고 다듬으면 모습이 아름다워질 뿐만 아니라 몸의 움직임도 좋아진다."
espurr,"きょうりょくな　サイコパワーが もれださないように　ほうしゅつする きかんを　みみで　ふさいでいるのだ。"
meowstic,"きけんが　せまると　みみを　もちあげ １０トン　トラックを　ひねりつぶす サイコパワーを　かいほうする。"
honedge,"ししゃの　たましいが　こだいの つるぎに　やどって　うまれたらしい。 ひとに　とりつき　いのちを　すう。"
doublade,"しんかして　２ほんに　ぶんれつした。 テレパシーで　かいわして　れんけい こうげきで　てきを　きりきざむ。"
aegislash,"堅盾劍怪曾經用強大的靈力 控制人和寶可夢，建立了 適合自己生活的國家。"
spritzee,"かいだ　ものを　うっとりさせる かおりを　からだから　ただよわせる。 たべた　もので　かおりが　かわる。"
aromatisse,"さまざまな　においを　つくりだす。 あいての　いやがる　においを　だして たたかいを　ゆうりに　すすめるのだ。"
swirlix,"わたあめのような　あまくて　ベタつく しろい　いとを　だして　あいてを からめとり　うごきを　ふうじる。"
slurpuff,"わずかな　においでも　かぎわける びんかんな　きゅうかくを　いかして パティシエの　てつだいを　している。"
inkay,"Éblouis par les points lumineux qui clignotent sur son corps, les ennemis perdent toute envie de se battre."
malamar,"ポケモンで　いちばん　きょうりょくな さいみんじゅつを　つかう。あいてを いのままに　あやつってしまうのだ。"
binacle,"２ひきの　カメテテが　ひとつの いわで　くらす。ケンカすると どちらかが　ほかの　いわに　うつる。"
barbaracle,"しんかのとき　２ひきの　カメテテが ７ひきに　ぶんれつした　ポケモン。 ７ひきぶんの　パワーで　たたかう。"
skrelp,"くさった　かいそうに　ぎたいする。 きづかずに　ちかよってきた　えものに どくえきを　あびせて　しとめる。"
dragalge,"タンカーの　せんたいを　くさらせる もうどくを　なわばりに　はいりこんだ ものに　みさかいなく　はきかける。"
clauncher,"おおきな　ハサミから　あっしゅくした みずを　ピストルのように　うちだし とんでいる　えものを　うちおとす。"
clawitzer,"みずの　ほうだんを　はっしゃする きょだいな　ハサミを　もつ。 タンカーの　せんたいを　うちぬくぞ。"
helioptile,"さばくで　せいかつする。たいようの ひかりを　あびて　はつでんすれば エサを　たべなくても　へいきなのだ。"
heliolisk,"エリマキを　ひろげて　はつでんする。 エレザード　１ぴきで　こうそうビルで ひつような　でんきを　つくれるのだ。"
tyrunt,"かせきから　ふっかつした　ポケモン。 きにいらない　ことが　あると かんしゃくを　おこして　おおあばれ。"
tyrantrum,"The king of the ancient world, it can easily crunch a car with the devastating strength of its enormous jaws."
amaura,"１おくねんまえから　こおりづけに なっていた　からだの　いちぶから ふっかつした　こだいの　ポケモン。"
aurorus,"マイナス１５０どの　れいきを ひしがたの　けっしょうから　だして てきを　つつみ　こおりづけにする。"
sylveon,"リボンのような　しょっかくから きもちを　やわらげる　はどうを おくりこみ　たたかいを　やめさせる。"
hawlucha,"たいかくは　こがらだが　カイリキーや ハリテヤマなど　おおきな　ポケモンと ごかくに　たたかう　テクニシャン。"
dedenne,"ヒゲが　アンテナの　やくわり。 でんぱを　そうじゅしんして　とおくの なかまと　れんらくを　とりあうのだ。"
carbink,"ちかふかくの　こうおん　こうあつな かんきょうで　うまれた。あたまの いしから　エネルギーを　はなつ。"
goomy,"いちばん　よわい　ドラゴンポケモン。 ヌメヌメの　からだが　かわかないよう ジメジメした　ひかげで　くらす。"
sliggoo,"なんでも　とかしてしまう　ねんえきを ぶんぴつして　てきを　げきたいする。 めだまは　たいかして　みえていない。"
goodra,"Ce Pokémon Dragon peu farouche aime faire la fête à son Dresseur adoré, le couvrant au passage de sa bave collante."
klefki,"Dieses Pokémon sammelt eifrig Schlüssel, mit denen es wild herumfuchtelt, um Gegner abzuschrecken."
phantump,"くさった　きりかぶに　たましいが やどり　ポケモンに　なった。 ひとの　よりつかない　もりに　すむ。"
trevenant,"ほかの　きぎを　じざいに　あやつる。 もりを　あらす　にんげんは　しぬまで もりから　でられないようにするのだ。"
pumpkaboo,"Irrbis der Größe S geleiten am liebsten wandelnde Seelen von Kindern ins Jenseits."
gourgeist,"しんげつの　よるに　ぶきみな　こえで うたいながら　まちなかを　さまよう。 その　うたを　きくと　のろわれる。"
bergmite,"からだを　おおう　こおりが　てきの こうげきを　ふせぐ。わられても れいきで　すぐに　こおりを　はる。"
avalugg,"こおりついた　からだは　こうてつの ように　かたい。たちふさがる　ものを きょたいで　おしつぶし　いどうする。"
noibat,"まっくらな　どうくつで　くらす。 ２０まんヘルツの　ちょうおんぱを おおきな　みみから　はっしゃする。"
noivern,"つきあかりすら　ない　やみよを　とび ゆだんしている　えものを　おそう。 くらやみの　たたかいでは　むてきだ。"
xerneas,"えいえんの　いのちを　わけあたえると いわれている。じゅもくの　すがたで １０００ねん　ねむり　ふっかつする。"
yveltal,"つばさと　おばねを　ひろげて　あかく かがやくとき　いきものの　いのちを すいとる　でんせつの　ポケモン。"
zygarde,"カロスちほうの　せいたいけいが くずれると　すがたを　あらわして ひめた　ちからを　はっきするらしい。"
diancie,"メレシーの　とつぜんへんい。 ピンクいろに　かがやく　からだは せかいいち　うつくしいと　いわれる。"
hoopa,"くうかんを　ゆがめる　リングで あらゆる　ものを　はなれた　ばしょへ とばしてしまう　トラブルメーカー。"
volcanion,"すいじょうきを　ふきだして　じぶんの すがたを　のうむで　かくす。ひとの たちいらない　やまに　すむと　いう。"
rowlet,"けいかいしんが　つよい。　ひるは こうごうせいで　ちからを　ためて よるに　なったら　かつどうかいし。"
dartrix,"きどりやで　ひまが　あれば　つばさの ていれ。　うもうの　よごれが　きに なりすぎて　たたかえないことも。"
decidueye,"つばさに　しこまれた　やばねを つがえてはなつ。　１００メートルさきの こいしも　つらぬく　せいど。"
litten,"不喜歡流露感情，喜歡獨處。 要取得牠的信任，需要花不少時間。"
torracat,"くびの　つけねに　ほのおの　スズが ある。　ほのおが　ふきだすとき リンリンと　たかいおとが　なる。"
incineroar,"當牠燃起鬥志的時候， 腰部周圍的火焰也會 燃燒得特別猛烈。"
popplio,"코로 부풀리는 벌룬은 매일 연습을 반복하면서 조금씩 커진다."
brionne,"ダンスが　とくいで　おどりながら つぎつぎに　みずの　バルーンを つくりだし　てきに　ぶつけるぞ。"
primarina,"みずのバルーンを　うたで　あやつる。 そのメロディは　なかまに　まなび だいだい　むれに　ひきつがれていく。"
pikipek,"びょうかん１６れんだ　で　きを　つつき あなを　ほる。　あけた　あなは　エサを しまう　ちょぞうこや　すに　つかう。"
trumbeak,"クチバシに　くった　きのみの　タネを ためこむ。　てきや　えものに であうと　いっきに　はっしゃする。"
toucannon,"クチバシを　はつねつさせ　たたかう。 そのおんどは　１００どを　ゆうに　こえ つつかれるだけで　おおやけど。"
yungoos,"するどいキバで　なんにでも　かみつく。 もともと　アローラには　すんでおらず ほかのちほうから　つれてこられた。"
gumshoos,"えものの　こんせきを　みつけると ねばりづよく　そのばに　はりこむが ひぐれには　うつらうつら　している。"
grubbin,"じょうぶな　アゴで　じゅもくを けずり　じゅえきを　すする。 ふだんは　じめんの　なかで　くらす。"
charjabug,"たいないに　ちくでんきのうを　もつ。 キャンプの　ときなど　１ぴき　いると とても　ありがたい　ポケモンだ。"
vikavolt,"とびまわって　スキを　うかがう。 でんきエネルギーを　おおきなアゴで しゅうそくさせ　てきに　はっしゃ。"
crabrawler,"ハサミで　じゃくてんを　ガードしつつ スキを　うかがい　パンチを　はなつ。 まけたほうは　アワを　ふいて　ダウン。"
crabominable,"トップを　めざすはずが　ゆきやまに まよいのぼり　さむさに　たえるうちに けが　はえてきて　しんかしていた。"
oricorio,"はねを　うちあわせて　はっか。 かれいな　ステップを　ふみながら はげしい　ほのおを　あびせかけるぞ。"
cutiefly,"花粉和花蜜是萌虻的最爱。 为了采集幼棉棉的花粉， 萌虻会在它们附近飞来飞去。"
ribombee,"かふんを　まるめ　だんごを　つくる。 しょくよう　から　せんとうよう　まで たくさんの　しゅるいが　あるよ。"
rockruff,"よく　なつくので　しょしんしゃに おすすめのポケモンと　いわれるが そだつと　きしょうは　あらくなる。"
lycanroc,"すばやく　うごき　てきを　まどわす。 ツメや　キバの　ほか　タテガミの とがった　いわも　ぶきの　ひとつ。"
wishiwashi,"因为很弱小，所以会群体行动。 但也经常能见到走散后 独自１只在游泳的样子。"
mareanie,"あたまに　ある　どくトゲで　えものを ズブリ。よわったところを　１０ぽんの しょくしゅで　とらえ　とどめを　さす。"
toxapex,"１２ほんのあしで　かいていを　はう。 ドヒドイデの　はったあとには サニーゴのカスが　ちらばっている。"
mudbray,"あしに　まとわりついた　ドロが グリップに　なり　ちからづよい はしりを　じつげん　しているのだ。"
mudsdale,"くちから　はく　ドロは　かたまると あめかぜにも　つよいので　むかしの いえの　かべには　よくぬられている。"
dewpider,"エサを　もとめ　ちじょうに　あがる。 すいほうを　かぶるのは　こきゅうと やわらかい　あたまを　まもるため。"
araquanid,"与外表不同，非常体贴。 发现弱小的伙伴后， 会让对方进入水泡，保护它。"
fomantis,"During the day, it sleeps and soaks up light. When night falls, it walks around looking for a safer place to sleep."
lurantis,"あざやかな　たいしょくを　たもつには ひじょうに　てまが　かかるが　それを しゅみにする　こうずかも　いるのだ。"
morelull,"てんめつしながら　ひかる　ほうしを あたりに　ばらまく。　そのひかりを みたものは　ふかいねむりに　おちる。"
shiinotic,"喷出闪烁的孢子诱使对方睡眠。 会吸取睡着了的猎物的精气。"
salandit,"たいえきを　もやし　どくガスを　たく。 ガスを　すった　てきが　フラフラに なったあと　おそいかかるのだ。"
salazzle,"对于没有猎获食物的夜盗火蜥， 焰后蜥会用喷火的手掌猛烈地 打它们的耳光，以作惩罚。"
stufful,"あいくるしい　みためだが　おこって ジタバタする　てあしに　ぶつかると プロレスラーでも　ふっとばされる。"
bewear,"あっとうてきな　きんりょくを　もつ ひじょうに　きけんな　ポケモン。 せいそくちは　きほん　たちいりきんし。"
bounsweet,"おいしそうな　かおりが　からだから もれだしている。　においに　さそわれた ドデカバシに　まるのみに　される。"
steenee,"みを　まもるため　ヘタが　はったつ。 かなりの　かたさで　とりポケモンに つつかれても　ぜんぜん　へいきだ。"
tsareena,"あしを　いかした　けりが　とくい。 たおした　あいてを　あしげに　して たかわらいで　しょうりを　アピール。"
comfey,"えいようまんてんの　ツルに　はなを くっつける。　はなは　かっせいかし かぐわしい　アロマが　ただよいだす。"
oranguru,"ひじょうに　かしこいことで　しられる。 みじゅくな　トレーナーは　みくだす ベテランむけの　ポケモンだぞ。"
passimian,"２０ぴきぜんごの　グループを　つくる。 そのけっそくは　ひじょうに　かたく ぜったい　なかまを　みすてない。"
wimpod,"おくびょうで　たくさんの　あしを ばたつかせ　ひっしに　にげまわる。 にげたあとは　ピカピカ　きれい。"
golisopod,"するどく　きょだいな　ツメで いっせん。　くうきや　かいすいさえ いっとうりょうだんの　うでまえ。"
sandygast,"いきだおれたものの　おんねんが こどもが　つくった　すなやまに とりつき　たんじょう　したのだ。"
palossand,"ひとを　あやつり　すなのやまを すなのしろまで　しんか　させた。 のろいの　ちからも　あがっている。"
pyukumuku,"ビーチなど　あさい　うみに　すむ。 からだから　たいないきかんを　だして エサを　とったり　てきと　たたかう。"
type-null,"おもい　せいぎょマスクを　つけており ほんらいの　のうりょくを　だせない。 とくべつな　ちからを　ひめている。"
silvally,"각성한 능력에 따라 장비한 메모리에 맞춰 풀타입으로 변화했다."
minior,"もともと　オゾンそうに　すんでおり からだの　カラが　おもくなると ちじょうに　むかって　おちてくる。"
komala,"ねたまま　うまれ　ねたまま　しぬ。 すべての　こうどうは　みている ゆめに　よる　ねぞう　らしい。"
turtonator,"せなかの　こうらは　ばくはつぶつ。 うっかり　なぐれば　だいばくはつ。 おなかの　あなが　じゃくてん。"
togedemaru,"せなかの　ハリの　けは　ふだんは ねている。　こうふんすると　さかだち おそってくる　てきを　つきさすのだ。"
mimikyu,"しょうたいふめい。　ボロきれの なかみを　みた　とある　がくしゃは きょうふの　あまり　ショックしした。"
bruxish,"あたまの　とっきから　サイコパワーを はなつとき　とても　みみざわりな はぎしりの　おとが　あたりに　ひびく。"
drampa,"こころやさしい　せいしつ。　だが いちど　いかりに　かられると　はげしい いぶきで　あたりを　はかい　しつくす。"
dhelmise,"녹색의 해초를 휘감아 생기를 빨아들인다. 주로 고래왕처럼 몸집이 큰 것을 노린다."
jangmo-o,"ウロコを　たたき　きもちを　つたえる。 ジャラコの　すむ　こうざんでは きんぞくおんが　こだまする。"
hakamo-o,"おたけびと　ともに　えものに とびかかる。　ウロコの　パンチは あいてを　ズタズタに　ひきさくぞ。"
kommo-o,"てきを　みると　しっぽの　ウロコを ジャラジャラ　ならして　いかく。 よわいものは　あわてて　にげだす。"
tapu-koko,"こうきしんおうせいな　メレメレの まもりがみ。　かみなりぐもを　よび いかずちを　からだに　ためこむ。"
tapu-lele,"むじゃきで　ざんこくな　アーカラの まもりがみ。　はなの　かぐわしい かおりが　エネルギーの　みなもと。"
tapu-bulu,"たいぼくを　ひきぬき　ブンブン ふりまわす。　くさきを　しげらせて そのエネルギーを　きゅうしゅうする。"
tapu-fini,"ふかいきりで　てきを　まどわせ じめつさせる　おそろしさを　もつ。 かいりゅうが　エネルギーの　みなもと。"
cosmog,"はかない　ガスじょうの　からだ。 たいきの　チリを　あつめながら ゆっくりと　せいちょうしていく。"
cosmoem,"しんだように　まったく　うごかないが ふれると　ほのかに　あたたかい。 おおむかしは　ほしのマユと　よばれた。"
solgaleo,"べつせかいに　すむと　いわれる。 ぜんしんから　はげしいひかりを　はなち やみよも　まひるのように　てらすのだ。"
lunala,"コスモッグが　しんかした　♀だと いわれる。　だい３の　めが　うかぶとき べつせかいへと　とびさっていく。"
nihilego,"なぞに　つつまれた　ＵＢの　いっしゅ。 まちゆく　ひとが　きせいされ あばれだす　すがたが　もくげきされた。"
buzzwole,"べつせかいから　あらわれた　ＵＢ。 みずからの　からだを　みせつけてくるが じまんなのか　いかくなのか　ふめい。"
pheromosa,"きけんなＵＢの　いっしゅ。　すさまじい そくどで　だいちを　しっそうする すがたが　もくげき　されている。"
xurkitree,"It appeared from the Ultra Wormhole. It raided a power plant, so people think it energizes itself with electricity."
celesteela,"ウルトラホールから　あらわれた。 こうそくで　そらを　とぶ　すがたが もくげき　された　ウルトラビースト。"
kartana,"ウルトラホールから　あらわれた　ＵＢ。 みずから　てきを　おそわないようだが するどい　ぜんしんは　きょうきだ。"
guzzlord,"やまを　くらい　けずり　ビルを のみこむ　すがたが　ほうこく　された。 ウルトラビーストの　いっしゅ。"
necrozma,"ちかで　ねむりに　ついていたようだ。 たいこに　べつせかいから　やってきたと おもわれる　ＵＢらしき　せいぶつ。"
magearna,"５００ねんいじょうまえに　つくられた じんぞうポケモン。　ひとの　ことばを りかいするが　しゃべれない。"
marshadow,"かげのなかに　ひそむことが　でき ひとまえに　すがたを　みせないので そのそんざいは　まぼろし　だった。"
poipole,"いせかいに　おいては　たびだちの パートナーに　えらばれるほど したしまれている　ウルトラビースト。"
naganadel,"たいないに　すうひゃくリットルの どくえきを　ためている。　ＵＢと よばれる　せいぶつの　いっしゅ。"
stakataka,"ウルトラホールから　しゅつげんした。 ふくすうの　せいめいが　つみあがり １ぴきを　けいせいしている　ようだ。"
blacephalon,"クネクネうごいて　ひとに　ちかづくと とつぜん　あたまを　ばくはつさせた。 ウルトラビーストの　いっしゅらしい。"
zeraora,"りょうてあしの　ツメを　たいでんさせ あいてを　やつざき。　かわされても とびちる　でんげきで　かんでんさせる。"
meltan,"とろりと　とけた　はがねの　からだ。 ちちゅうの　てつぶんや　きんぞくを とかして　きゅうしゅうする。"
melmetal,"てつを　うみだす　ちからを　もつと あがめられていた。　３０００ねんの ときを　へて　なぜか　よみがえった。"
grookey,"とくべつな　スティックで　リズムを きざむと　くさばなを　げんきにする パワーが　おんぱになって　ひろがる。"
thwackey,"２ほんの　スティックで　はげしい ビートを　きざめる　バチンキーほど なかまたちの　そんけいを　あつめる。"
rillaboom,"Controlla il potere del suo ceppo speciale usandolo come un tamburo e lotta servendosi delle radici."
scorbunny,"はしりまわって　たいおんを　あげると ほのおエネルギーが　からだを　めぐり ほんらいの　ちからを　はっきできる。"
raboot,"ふかふかの　たいもうで　さむさに つよくなり　さらに　こうおんの ほのおわざを　だせるようになった。"
cinderace,"Grâce au pouvoir du Gigamax, ses ballons de feu dépassent parfois les 100 mètres de diamètre."
sobble,"おびえると　タマネギ１００コぶんの さいるいせいぶんを　もつ　なみだを ながして　もらいなき　させる。"
drizzile,"ての　ひらから　でる　すいぶんを まるめて　つくった　みずの　たまを つかい　ずのうせんを　くりひろげる。"
inteleon,"たさいな　きのうを　かくしもつ。 ゆびから　みずを　ふんしゃして せなかの　ひまくで　かぜに　のる。"
skwovet,"ガラルの　いたるところに　いる。 さゆうの　ほっぺに　きのみを たくわえていないと　ふあん。"
greedent,"しっぽに　きのみを　ためこむ。 ためこみすぎて　ポロポロ　こぼすが にぶいので　きがつかない。"
rookidee,"どんな　きょうてきにも　いどみかかる ゆうかんな　せいしつ。　かえりうちに あいながらも　きたえられていく。"
corvisquire,"あしで　こいしを　つかんで　なげたり ロープを　てきに　まきつけるなど どうぐを　あつかう　ちえを　もつ。"
corviknight,"ガラルちほうの　そらでは　てきなし。 くろびかりする　はがねの　すがたは あいてを　いあつし　おそれさせる。"
blipbug,"いつも　せっせと　じょうほうを あつめているので　かしこい。 ただし　ちからは　いまいちだ。"
dottler,"ほぼ　うごかないが　いきている。 のまずくわずで　からに　こもるうち ちょうのうりょくに　めざめたらしい。"
orbeetle,"かしこい　ポケモンとして　ゆうめい。 おおきな　のうみそは　きょうりょくな サイコパワーを　もつ　あかし。"
nickit,"ほかの　ポケモンが　みつけた　エサを かすめて　くらしている。　ふかふかの にくきゅうは　あしおとを　たてない。"
thievul,"ねらった　エモノは　こっそり マーキング。　においを　たどって ゆだん　したころ　ぬすみに　くるぞ。"
gossifleur,"いっぽんあしを　じめんに　さして ひのひかりを　たっぷり　あびると はなびらが　あざやかに　いろづく。"
eldegoss,"わたげの　タネは　えいようまんてん。 かぜに　のせて　とばして　くさきや ポケモンたちを　げんきにさせる。"
wooloo,"捲捲的體毛彈性十足。 就算從懸崖上掉下去， 也不會受傷。"
dubwool,"だんりょくの　ある　けで　おった カーペットは　トランポリンみたいで のれば　ピョンピョン　はねるのだ。"
chewtle,"めのまえの　ものに　すぐに　かみつく しゅうせい。　はえかけの　まえばが かゆいので　かみついてしまうらしい。"
drednaw,"きょうぼうな　せいしつ。　てつぼうを かみちぎる　ほどの　アゴの　ちからで えものに　ばくりと　かみつく。"
yamper,"はしる　ときに　しっぽの　ねもとから でんきを　うみだす。　ガラルでは ぼくようけん　として　にんき。"
boltund,"でんきを　つくって　あしに　おくり はしりを　アシスト。　みっかみばん やすまず　はしれるのだ。"
rolycoly,"およそ４００ねんまえに　たんこうで みつかった。　からだの　ほとんどが せきたんと　おなじ　せいぶん。"
carkol,"たいないで　せきたんを　つくりだす。 むかしの　ガラルでは　おとした せきたんを　せいかつに　りようした。"
coalossal,"どうたいは　きょだいな　かまど。 キョダイマックス　パワーに　あおられ ２０００どの　ほのおが　もえさかる。"
applin,"いっしょう　りんごの　なかで　くらし てんてきの　とりポケモンに　であうと りんごの　ふりをして　みをまもる。"
flapple,"すっぱい　りんごを　たべて　しんか。 やけどする　ほど　きょうさんせいの えきたいを　ほほぶくろに　ためる。"
appletun,"あまい　りんごを　たべて　しんか。 からだから　あまい　においを　だして エサの　むしポケモンを　ひきよせる。"
silicobra,"一边挖洞一边把吃掉的 沙子储存在颈部的囊里。 囊里面能装进８公斤的沙子。"
sandaconda,"すなぶくろも　ちょうきょだいに。 からだの　まわりに　うずまく すなは　１００まんトンを　こえる。"
cramorant,"あいてを　いちげきで　うちまかすほど パワフルだが　わすれっぽいので たたかっている　あいてを　わすれる。"
arrokuda,"するどく　とがった　あごが　じまん。 すこしでも　うごくものを　みつけると いっちょくせんに　とつげきする。"
barraskewda,"やりの　ように　とがった　あごは はがねの　かたさ。　その　みは おどろくほど　おいしい　らしい。"
toxel,"たいないの　どくぶくろに　ためた どくそを　ひふから　ぶんぴつ。 さわると　ピリピリと　しびれる。"
toxtricity,"ありあまる　でんりょくが　ぶき。 たくわえられた　でんきの　りょうは かみなりぐもを　しのぐほど。"
sizzlipede,"からだに　ためた　かねんガスで はつねつ。　とくに　おなかの きいろい　ぶぶんが　あついのだ。"
centiskorch,"はつねつじの　たいおんは　およそ ８００ど。　からだを　ムチのように しならせて　とびかかってくるぞ。"
clobbopus,"えさを　もとめ　ちじょうに　あがる。 こうきしんおうせいで　めにしたものは とりあえず　しょくしゅで　なぐる。"
grapploct,"ぜんしんが　きんにくの　かたまり。 しょくしゅを　つかって　くりだす しめわざの　いりょくは　すさまじい。"
sinistea,"からだの　うずまきが　じゃくてん。 かきまぜられると　かたちが　くずれ めまいを　おこして　しまうのだ。"
polteageist,"とても　どくとくな　あじと　かおり。 しんらいする　トレーナーには　すこし だけ　あじみを　ゆるして　くれる。"
hatenna,"喜歡沒有人煙的地方。 一旦感覺到強烈的情感， 就會一溜煙地逃走。"
hattrem,"つよい　かんじょうを　もつ　ものは それが　だれであれ　だまらせる。 そのしゅだんは　じつに　らんぼう。"
hatterene,"ずつうになるほどの　サイコパワーを しゅういに　はなって　ほかの せいぶつを　とおざけているのだ。"
impidimp,"ひとや　ポケモンが　いやがる　ときに はっする　マイナスエネルギーを はなから　すいこみ　げんきになる。"
morgrem,"どげざして　あやまる　ふりをして やりのように　とがった　うしろがみで つきさしてくる　せんぽうを　つかう。"
grimmsnarl,"あしの　たいもうを　へんけいさせて くりだす　ドリルキックは　ガラルの だいちに　おおあなを　あけてしまう。"
obstagoon,"すさまじい　せいりょうを　もつ。 シャウトとともに　いかくするさまは ブロッキングと　よばれている。"
perrserker,"在日复一日的战斗中得以进化。 进化的结果是那危险的指甲， 留长后能当作短剑来用。"
cursola,"れいりょくが　たかまり　カラから ときはなたれた。　れいたいで かくの　たましいを　まもっている。"
sirfetchd,"れきせんを　いきぬいた　ものが このすがたに　しんかする。　ネギが かれるとき　せんじょうを　さる。"
mr-rime,"タップダンスの　たつじん。 こおりで　できた　ステッキを　ふり かろやかな　ステップを　ひろうする。"
runerigus,"つよい　のろいを　こめて　かかれた こだいの　えが　デスマスの たましいを　とりこみ　うごきだした。"
milcery,"They say that any patisserie visited by Milcery is guaranteed success and good fortune."
alcremie,"しんかの　しゅんかん　からだの さいぼうが　ゆれうごく　ことで あまずっぱい　フレーバーに　なった。"
falinks,"ヘイチョーと　よばれる　１ぴきと ヘイと　よばれる　５ひきで　ひとつ。 ヘイチョーの　めいれいは　ぜったい。"
pincurchin,"トゲの　さきから　でんきを　はなつ。 するどい　はで　いわに　ついた かいそうを　こそいで　たべる。"
snom,"れいきの　まざった　いとを　はく。 いとで　からだを　えだに　まきつけ つららの　ふりをして　ねむるのだ。"
frosmoth,"はねの　おんどは　マイナス１８０ど。 れいきを　こめた　りんぷんを　ゆきの ように　ふりまき　のやまを　とぶ。"
stonjourner,"だいそうげんの　なかで　たたずみ ひの　かたむきを　ながめて　くらす。 ダイナミックな　けりわざが　とくい。"
eiscue,"かおの　こおりが　くだけて　しまった すがた。　なやましい　かおつきの とりこに　なる　ひとも　おおい。"
indeedee,"あたまの　ツノで　あいての　きもちを かんじとる。　オスは　じゅうしゃの ように　あるじのそばで　せわをやく。"
morpeko,"いつも　おなかを　すかせている。 ポケットの　ような　ふくろに　いれた タネを　たべて　でんきを　つくる。"
cufant,"５トンの　にもつを　もっても へいきな　ちからもち　ポケモン。 はなを　つかって　つちを　ほる。"
copperajah,"はなの　なかに　みっちり　つまった エネルギーを　ふんしゃさせると やまが　ふきとび　ちけいが　かわる。"
dracozolt,"こだいでは　たくましい　かはんしんで むてきだったが　エサの　しょくぶつを たべつくしてしまい　ぜつめつした。"
arctozolt,"こおりづけの　じょうはんしんが ふるえると　でんきが　つくられる。 あるくことが　ひじょうに　にがて。"
dracovish,"ずばぬけた　きゃくりょくと　アゴの ちからで　こだいでは　むてきだったが えものを　とりつくし　ぜつめつした。"
arctovish,"しゅういを　こおりつかせて　えものを つかまえるが　くちが　あたまの うえに　あるので　たべづらい。"
duraludon,"È diventato grande come un grattacielo. La sovrabbondanza di energia ha reso luminose alcune parti del suo corpo."
dreepy,"こだいの　うみで　くらしていた。 ゴーストポケモンとして　よみがえり かつての　すみかを　さまよっている。"
drakloak,"ひこう　そくどは　じそく２００キロ。 ドラメシヤと　いっしょに　たたかい ぶじに　しんかするまで　せわをする。"
dragapult,"ツノの　あなに　ドラメシヤを　いれて くらす。　たたかいになると　マッハの スピードで　ドラメシヤを　とばす。"
zacian,"かつての　えもので　ぶそうした。 キョダイマックスポケモンも いっとうの　もとに　きりすてる。"
zamazenta,"いかなる　こうげきも　はじきかえす すがたは　かくとうおうのたて　と よばれ　おそれ　あがめられた。"
eternatus,"2만 년 전에 떨어진 운석 안에 있었다. 다이맥스의 수수께끼와 관련이 있는 듯하다."
kubfu,"きびしい　たんれんを　つみ　わざを みがく。　たいとくした　わざによって しんかしたときに　すがたが　かわる。"
urshifu,"いかりのけしん　と　よばれている。 すさまじい　ぎょうそうと　おたけびで せかいの　じゃきを　はらうという。"
zarude,"むれを　つくり　みつりんで　くらす。 とても　こうげきてきで　もりにすむ ポケモンたちから　おそれられている。"
regieleki,"This Pokémon is a cluster of electrical energy. It's said that removing the rings on Regieleki's body will unleash the Pokémon's latent power."
regidrago,"An academic theory proposes that Regidrago's arms were once the head of an ancient dragon Pokémon. The theory remains unproven."
glastrier,"Glastrier emits intense cold from its hooves. It's also a belligerent Pokémon—anything it wants, it takes by force."
spectrier,"It probes its surroundings with all its senses save one—it doesn't use its sense of sight. Spectrier's kicks are said to separate soul from body."
calyrex,"Calyrex is a merciful Pokémon, capable of providing healing and blessings. It reigned over the Galar region in times of yore."
